5_41_Balthus: Ah, there you are. Can we talk? I need a favor, and you strike me as the charitable type.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: What do you want?\nChoice 2: This doesn't bode well.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: Touchy, touchy! I'll get right to it... I need some gold. Care to help a fella out?\nChoice 2 response: Perceptive, aren't you? I know I shouldn't ask, but I need some gold.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: This is a bad month for that.\nChoice 2: Out of the question.\nBalthus: Hard times all around, then... Well, it was worth a shot. Guess that debt collector traveled all the way to Garreg Mach for nothing. If I were you, I'd feel bad about leaving the poor guy hanging like that, but it is what it is.\nByleth: You'd better work hard to pay him back.\nBalthus: Nah, it's a lose-lose. I owe the church too. That means any work I do here, they take a cut. The only way to escape my financial burden is to get clear out of Fódlan...\nByleth:\nChoice 1: The thought saddens me greatly.\nChoice 2: Good luck out there.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: Oh... I, uh... didn't mean to bring you down. Y'know I was just joking, yeah?\nChoice 2 response: Wow. Cold as ice. You know I was just joking, yeah?\nBalthus: We all have to decide where we belong and then fight for it. Can't let your wallet control your fate. If money was all I cared about, I never would have walked away from inheriting a baron's house.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I didn't know that about you.\nChoice 2: You don't seem very noble to me.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: Eh, it's nothing. It was a minor house in the east of the Alliance.\nChoice 2 response: I hear that a lot. Still, it's true. I was the head of a minor house in the east of the Alliance.\nBalthus: I like to say I stepped aside for the good of the house. Has a nicer ring to it than saying I just wasn't cut out for the gig. Or that I lack the right temperament. My distinguished little bro took my place. Fact is, he's a much better man for the job.\nByleth: ...\nBalthus: Don't go feeling sorry for me now! I didn't mind one bit. Truth is, I'd have been miserable in that life. Having that title was nothing but fuss. Fuss is the worst. This way of life suits me much better. And you?\nByleth: What about me?\nBalthus: You showing up at Garreg Mach was a coincidence wrapped in happenstance. Your pops was a renowned mercenary leader. It can be safely assumed you'll follow in his footsteps. But don't you feel like that life was decided for you?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I'm not sure I follow.\nChoice 2: You've got a point.\nChoice 3: I've never thought of it that way.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 and 3 response: Better start pondering that one real quick, pal. Why keep breathing if your life isn't your own, yeah?\nChoice 2 response: I know. And I suggest you start choosing your fate instead of just letting it happen. Why keep breathing if your life isn't your own, yeah?\nBalthus: Welp, there's a decided lack of gold here, so I'll be off now. You think on what I said._Balthus: Stubborn little... That's it! Nighty night, sleepyhead! Phew! Guess that's it. Can't let lowlifes like you into Garreg Mach. Nobody likes troublemakers. Trust me. What the?! Oh... It's you. Don't sneak up on people. It's rude. But we can discuss your lacking manners another time. Why are you here? You following me, pal?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I am.\nChoice 2: That's a secret.\nBalthus: Guess I can't fault you for that... since you seem to have been mopping up enemies without me knowing it.\nBalthus: She really thinks I'm gonna try to reclaim my title. Ha! She clearly doesn't know me too well. Yet she keeps sending fools my way like the stubborn shrew she is. That's my stepmother for ya.\nByleth: You haven't mentioned her before.\nBalthus: Shocking. Remember when I told you my little bro inherited House Albrecht after I left? Well, he's my half bro. And his mother is... devoted, to say the least. She'd do anything for him. Sadly, he had the nerve to be born without a Crest. And here I stand with a rare one swimming in my veins. She's convinced I'll return one day to take back my title by force. Completely off her rocker, that one.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: We can fix this.\nChoice 2: Can't you reason with her?\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: Nah, not worth the effort.\nChoice 2 response: Ha! If only that were humanly possible. Besides, I refuse to concede any more than I already have.\nBalthus: It's best for everyone that I take the brunt of her malice. I can handle it just fine. If I wasn't around, she'd shift her beady gaze to my dad. Maybe even to my mom, who fled the house a while back. Or maybe my little bro would become the target of her ''good intentions.'' Can't allow that to happen.\nByleth: That makes sense.\nBalthus: And that's the bottom line. Long story short... you should keep your distance from me. If that assassin's dagger took you out, everyone here would fall to pieces. How would I explain that?\nByleth: I can protect the both of us.\nBalthus: That's... that's some big talk, pal. So, you'll protect me too, will you? To think someone who can keep up with the Exalted King of Grappling would say such a swell thing. I'm a betting man, so I'll take the bait. Let's see if you really intend to protect me... or if those were just pretty words._Balthus: (To thief) I see... By any means necessary, then. Before the war's end. I'm covered. But just to be safe, I need you to check on my mother and Kupala.\n(Thief leaves)\n\nBalthus: ... Still following me, huh? We have got to work on those manners, pal. Unless you really meant that bit about protecting me.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Who was that?\nChoice 2: Kupala?\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: A spy. I pay him money I don't have to monitor my stepmother, just in case something happens to me. Whether I'm above the dirt or below it, it's on me to protect my mom and her home, Kupala.\nChoice 2 response: That's where my mom was born and raised. I pay a spy money I don't have to keep an eye on the place. Whether I'm above the dirt or below it, it's up to me to make sure my stepmother can't get to my mom.\nByleth: Would your stepmother really harm her?\nBalthus: No doubt about it. She's been honing her crazy plans lately. All because I've taken to fighting at your side. She thinks I'm making a name for myself before my glorious return to house Albrecht. Being delusional is her sport. There's little advantage to her going after my mom, but she's unpredictable. Gotta stay vigilant.\nByleth: What's your mother like?\nBalthus: Guess I haven't talked about her. After her and my pops split, she returned home. Where she's from... it's kind of an odd place. You know the folks who live in the mountains of the Alliance? Heh, guessing that's a no. Few do. Imagine a place with no influence to speak of, nestled in the mountains of the Almyran border. That's Kupala.\nByleth: People live there?\nBalthus: Well, they're not mountain goats. And it's not like they never interact with the lords of the Alliance. They're incredibly isolated, though. Even their trade relations are remarkably limited. Doubt that'll change. The land lacks resources worth fighting over. Probably for the best, honestly. Oh, but back to my mom. She was different. An exception to the rule of Kupala. She left the mountains, was rescued by my dad, and fell madly in love with him.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Sounds like destiny.\nChoice 2: Did his family accept her?\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: That goddess of yours is one cruel minx, so if that's the destiny she gave 'em, it wouldn't surprise me a bit.\nChoice 2 response: Ah, the one-million-bullion question. Of course not. He's a noble. She isn't. Acceptance was never in the cards.\nBalthus: My birth helped matters, but only a little. House Albrecht just wasn't where she belonged. My dad was in a tough spot. He was obligated to marry a fellow noble and produce a fitting heir. Nobody'd want to live out their days where they're utterly unwelcome. So my mom returned to Kupala.\nByleth: I see...\nBalthus: Then it happened. I was enrolled in the Officers Academy at Garreg Mach, and everything changed. During my enrollment examination, they discovered that I bear the Major Crest of Chevalier. My dad decided to resist his family's wishes and make me the head of the house after I graduated. Thing is, the truth of my special Crest was kept a secret, by decree of the church. He couldn't tell anyone about my prized bloodline, so I was forced to step down as the legitimate heir.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: The church hid it?\nChoice 2: Why was it a secret?\nBalthus: It was for the best. My Crest was inherited from mountain folk who prefer to keep to themselves. Imagine what would happen to Kupala if it got out. We both know it would destroy their way of life.\nByleth: People will do anything for a rare Crest...\nBalthus: Too true. I'm guessing the church thought my Crest would cause trouble in Fódlan. But don't get me wrong. No matter what life's thrown at me, I'm no victim. Like I've said, I prefer it this way. I've gotta be free. Even if things were different, I'd still choose this life. But I can't let my mother and her people pay the price for keeping peace in Fódlan. Wouldn't be right. All I can do is make a name for myself in battle and secure enough power to protect them. Failure isn't an option._null_null_null_
5_42_Balthus: Ah, there you are. Can we talk? I need a favor, and you strike me as the charitable type.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: What do you want?\nChoice 2: This doesn't bode well.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: Touchy, touchy! I'll get right to it... I need some gold. Care to help a fella out?\nChoice 2 response: Perceptive, aren't you? I know I shouldn't ask, but I need some gold.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: This is a bad month for that. (Balthus support up)\nChoice 2: Out of the question.\nBalthus: Hard times all around, then... Well, it was worth a shot. Guess that debt collector traveled all the way to Garreg Mach for nothing. If I were you, I'd feel bad about leaving the poor guy hanging like that, but it is what it is.\nByleth: You'd better work hard to pay him back.\nBalthus: Nah, it's a lose-lose. I owe the church too. That means any work I do here, they take a cut. The only way to escape my financial burden is to get clear out of Fódlan...\nByleth:\nChoice 1: The thought saddens me greatly.\nChoice 2: Good luck out there.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: Oh... I, uh... didn't mean to bring you down. Y'know I was just joking, yeah?\nChoice 2 response: Wow. Cold as ice. You know I was just joking, yeah?\nBalthus: We all have to decide where we belong and then fight for it. Can't let your wallet control your fate. If money was all I cared about, I never would have walked away from inheriting a baron's house.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I didn't know that about you.\nChoice 2: You don't seem very noble to me.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: Eh, it's nothing. It was a minor house in the east of the Alliance.\nChoice 2 response: I hear that a lot. Still, it's true. I was the head of a minor house in the east of the Alliance.\nBalthus: I like to say I stepped aside for the good of the house. Has a nicer ring to it than saying I just wasn't cut out for the gig. Or that I lack the right temperament. My distinguished little bro took my place. Fact is, he's a much better man for the job.\nByleth: ...\nBalthus: Don't go feeling sorry for me now! I didn't mind one bit. Truth is, I'd have been miserable in that life. Having that title was nothing but fuss. Fuss is the worst. This way of life suits me much better. And you?\nByleth: What about me?\nBalthus: You showing up at Garreg Mach was a coincidence wrapped in happenstance. Your pops was a renowned mercenary leader. It can be safely assumed you'll follow in his footsteps. But don't you feel like that life was decided for you?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I'm not sure I follow.\nChoice 2: You've got a point.\nChoice 3: I've never thought of it that way.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 and 3 response: Better start pondering that one real quick, pal. Why keep breathing if your life isn't your own, yeah?\nChoice 2 response: I know. And I suggest you start choosing your fate instead of just letting it happen. Why keep breathing if your life isn't your own, yeah?\nBalthus: Welp, there's a decided lack of gold here, so I'll be off now. You think on what I said._Balthus: Stubborn little... That's it! Nighty night, sleepyhead! Phew! Guess that's it. Can't let lowlifes like you into Garreg Mach. Nobody likes troublemakers. Trust me. What the?! Oh... It's you. Don't sneak up on people. It's rude. But we can discuss your lacking manners another time. Why are you here? You following me, pal?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I am.\nChoice 2: That's a secret.\nBalthus: Guess I can't fault you for that... since you seem to have been mopping up enemies without me knowing it.\nBalthus: She really thinks I'm gonna try to reclaim my title. Ha! She clearly doesn't know me too well. Yet she keeps sending fools my way like the stubborn shrew she is. That's my stepmother for ya.\nByleth: You haven't mentioned her before.\nBalthus: Shocking. Remember when I told you my little bro inherited House Albrecht after I left? Well, he's my half bro. And his mother is... devoted, to say the least. She'd do anything for him. Sadly, he had the nerve to be born without a Crest. And here I stand with a rare one swimming in my veins. She's convinced I'll return one day to take back my title by force. Completely off her rocker, that one.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: We can fix this.\nChoice 2: Can't you reason with her?\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: Nah, not worth the effort.\nChoice 2 response: Ha! If only that were humanly possible. Besides, I refuse to concede any more than I already have.\nBalthus: It's best for everyone that I take the brunt of her malice. I can handle it just fine. If I wasn't around, she'd shift her beady gaze to my dad. Maybe even to my mom, who fled the house a while back. Or maybe my little bro would become the target of her ''good intentions.'' Can't allow that to happen.\nByleth: That makes sense.\nBalthus: And that's the bottom line. Long story short... you should keep your distance from me. If that assassin's dagger took you out, everyone here would fall to pieces. How would I explain that?\nByleth: I can protect the both of us.\nBalthus: That's... that's some big talk, pal. So, you'll protect me too, will you? To think someone who can keep up with the Exalted King of Grappling would say such a swell thing. I'm a betting man, so I'll take the bait. Let's see if you really intend to protect me... or if those were just pretty words._Balthus: (To thief) I see... By any means necessary, then. Before the war's end. I'm covered. But just to be safe, I need you to check on my mother and Kupala.\n(Thief leaves)\n\nBalthus: ... Still following me, huh? We have got to work on those manners, pal. Unless you really meant that bit about protecting me.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Who was that?\nChoice 2: Kupala?\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: A spy. I pay him money I don't have to monitor my stepmother, just in case something happens to me. Whether I'm above the dirt or below it, it's on me to protect my mom and her home, Kupala.\nChoice 2 response: That's where my mom was born and raised. I pay a spy money I don't have to keep an eye on the place. Whether I'm above the dirt or below it, it's up to me to make sure my stepmother can't get to my mom.\nByleth: Would your stepmother really harm her?\nBalthus: No doubt about it. She's been honing her crazy plans lately. All because I've taken to fighting at your side. She thinks I'm making a name for myself before my glorious return to house Albrecht. Being delusional is her sport. There's little advantage to her going after my mom, but she's unpredictable. Gotta stay vigilant.\nByleth: What's your mother like?\nBalthus: Guess I haven't talked about her. After her and my pops split, she returned home. Where she's from... it's kind of an odd place. You know the folks who live in the mountains of the Alliance? Heh, guessing that's a no. Few do. Imagine a place with no influence to speak of, nestled in the mountains of the Almyran border. That's Kupala.\nByleth: People live there?\nBalthus: Well, they're not mountain goats. And it's not like they never interact with the lords of the Alliance. They're incredibly isolated, though. Even their trade relations are remarkably limited. Doubt that'll change. The land lacks resources worth fighting over. Probably for the best, honestly. Oh, but back to my mom. She was different. An exception to the rule of Kupala. She left the mountains, was rescued by my dad, and fell madly in love with him.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Sounds like destiny.\nChoice 2: Did his family accept her?\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: That goddess of yours is one cruel minx, so if that's the destiny she gave 'em, it wouldn't surprise me a bit.\nChoice 2 response: Ah, the one-million-bullion question. Of course not. He's a noble. She isn't. Acceptance was never in the cards.\nBalthus: My birth helped matters, but only a little. House Albrecht just wasn't where she belonged. My dad was in a tough spot. He was obligated to marry a fellow noble and produce a fitting heir. Nobody'd want to live out their days where they're utterly unwelcome. So my mom returned to Kupala.\nByleth: I see...\nBalthus: Then it happened. I was enrolled in the Officers Academy at Garreg Mach, and everything changed. During my enrollment examination, they discovered that I bear the Major Crest of Chevalier. My dad decided to resist his family's wishes and make me the head of the house after I graduated. Thing is, the truth of my special Crest was kept a secret, by decree of the church. He couldn't tell anyone about my prized bloodline, so I was forced to step down as the legitimate heir.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: The church hid it?\nChoice 2: Why was it a secret?\nBalthus: It was for the best. My Crest was inherited from mountain folk who prefer to keep to themselves. Imagine what would happen to Kupala if it got out. We both know it would destroy their way of life.\nByleth: People will do anything for a rare Crest...\nBalthus: Too true. I'm guessing the church thought my Crest would cause trouble in Fódlan. But don't get me wrong. No matter what life's thrown at me, I'm no victim. Like I've said, I prefer it this way. I've gotta be free. Even if things were different, I'd still choose this life. But I can't let my mother and her people pay the price for keeping peace in Fódlan. Wouldn't be right. All I can do is make a name for myself in battle and secure enough power to protect them. Failure isn't an option._null_null_Balthus: Hey, you! We need to talk. Now.\nByleth: What's wrong?\nBalthus: You did it for me, didn't you? Without even taking credit for it.\n(Crimson Flower) Admit it, pal. You asked the emperor to protect the people of Kupala. Because of you, those mountains will be treated as an independent region of the Empire.\n(Azure Moon) Admit it, pal. You asked the king to protect the people of Kupala.\n(Verdant Wind) Admit it, pal. You asked Claude to protect the people of Kupala. Relations between Fódlan and Almyra are downright friendly now. Those mountains will be prime real estate. They needed this.\n(Silver Snow) Admit it, pal. You ordered the church to protect the people of Kupala. Because of you, those mountains will be considered church turf, and the eastern church will be restored.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Now you know.\nChoice 2: I can't take all the credit.\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: I do. But you know, saving those folks was my gig. Not yours.\nChoice 2 response: Sure, sure. But you know, saving those folks was my gig. Not yours.\nBalthus: Now that the war's over... Ah, I'll just spit it out. I was starting to get excited about fighting that fight. Guess you could say I was disappointed to find you'd beaten me to the punch. But what matters is results. So... Thank you. There. I said it. Won't say it again. There's still a lot to figure out. The road ahead won't be easy. But this was a giant leap forward.\nByleth: You're welcome.\nBalthus: Right. There's, um, one more thing I need to get off my chest.\nByleth: What's that?\nBalthus: Ugh... I'm a mess. I wasn't planning on doing this just yet, but you've forced my hand. I was going to wait until I had figured out a way to ensure Kupala's safety first. Guess that excuse is out the window. So now... It's time to take the biggest gamble of my life. I'm prepared for the worst. Expecting it, really.\n(Balthus presents a ring)\nByleth: (Just say it already.)\nBalthus: You... I-I... Marry me, pal! Look, I know it's a big ask. I'm beefy, but that aside, I'm not the most eligible bachelor on the block. But I promise to become...better. Not so selfish and careless. I wanna support you. Make you happy. The life I live makes me comfortable, but... Comfort be damned! I need you by my side. Always. If I'm not good enough now, just give me time. A year, maybe? Two years? Five tops.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: No need to wait. I love you as you are.\nChoice 2: A year, eh?\nBalthus:\nChoice 1 response: You do? I knew it! That seals the deal then, yeah? Let's get hitched right away. I know a guy.\nChoice 2 response: I... OK, you called my bluff. I meant...a figurative year. I mean, why not work on myself with you? That makes sense, I swear!\nByleth: Just teasing. I love you as you are now.\nBalthus: Phew! You had me goin' there. But...that's a promise, yeah? To have and to hold and so on? I'm not the sort to wait around once I know what I want. Let's get hitched right away. I know a guy.\nByleth: No time like the present.\nBalthus: Couldn't have said it better myself. Guess a lavish party is in order now. We have a lot to do. Ah, speaking of lavish... I know I need to sort out my finances. We'll need a house and all that good stuff. Hey, maybe we can just shack up here at the monastery. What do you think?\nByleth: ...\nBalthus: Ahem. No need to decide now...my love. Let's just focus on this \"being happy\" business. The rest'll work itself out. It feels like a lifetime ago, but remember when you told me you'd protect me? At the time, I had no idea how to take it. I wasn't sure I could bear letting someone else look after me. I was sure that, in the end, I'd be the one protecting you. That I'd be the strong one. That's how it's always been for me. Guess I was wrong...\nByleth: You protected me too.\nBalthus: Ha! Suppose so. In the end, we protected each other.\nBalthus: To join our strength. To look after you...and be brave enough to let you look after me. That's what marriage is all about, right? Being with you is so natural, it must be fate. Uh, you know, if fate were a thing...that is. From now on, we'll keep looking out for each other. You can bet on it.
5_9_Balthus: Hey there, Claude. Where are you headed? If you need some extra muscle, count me in.\nClaude: No thanks. Not much need for heightened security at the monastery. Well, most of the time anyway.\nBalthus: Yeesh, I can take a hint. I was just trying to help you out. The way I see it, can't do better than cozying up to the Claude von Riegan, future leader of the Alliance.\nClaude: You can get as cozy as you like, but I don't think that'll lower the price on your head.\nBalthus: Couldn't hurt. People trust you. They trust the folks you run with. I could use a little trust in my life.\nClaude: So you're hoping this newfound trust will trick more people into lending you money. Yeah, count me out. You know fighting debt with debt won't work, right?\nBalthus: Eh, just as well. If you mess up leading the Alliance, that plan's a bust anyway. So count me out, pal. By the way, Claude... Are you really the heir of House Riegan?\nClaude: Yes? That's my current understanding anyway. Why do you ask?\nBalthus: I've never head any talk of the last Duke Riegan leaving a son behind when he died in that accident. Duke Oswald the Old...your father? Tall tale, if you ask me. And if that's not the case, then who exactly did you get your Riegan blood from?\nClaude: Look at you, figuring things out by yourself. Sorry to say the true story isn't all that interesting. I was born to an offshoot of House Riegan. When my Crest manifested, I was accepted into the ruling bloodline. That's all there is to it.\nBalthus: Nice try, but I'm not buying it. House Riegan produces dukes and leads the whole of the Alliance. Not having an heir is a matter of life and death. Any relative with a Crest would be accepted immediately. But no one even knew you existed until fairly recently. It's fishy, Claude. Remarkably fishy.\nClaude: I think I've finally figured you out. You're working for Lorenz, aren't you?\nBalthus: Here's what I really can't work out. Duke Oswald's only daughter, Tiana. Whatever happened to her? I met her a few times when I was a kid. She was a great lady. A real looker too, let me tell ya.\nClaude: I see your mind was just as pure when you were a kid as it is now. How'd you even cross paths with her?\nBalthus: As the legitimate heir of a minor noble house, I got a pretty decent glimpse into high society. Lady Tiana was something special. The stuff of dreams, really. And one day, she just vanished. Poof, gone. I'll never forget hearing about it.\nClaude: Wow. So you've had a particular interest in older women since way back when. Sorry, go on.\nBalthus: When my old man told me, I cried buckets. Even Holst lost it.\nClaude: Holst? As in Holst the indomitable Alliance general? Huh. I never knew that.\nBalthus: Yeah...and after a while, I heard a strange rumor. Some say Lady Tiana left to live in a far-off land. Once I remembered that, the rest fell into place.\nClaude: Right. Say, have you considered minding your own business? Isn't that enough of a handful as it is? If you want to have a real discussion sometime, bring me facts. Not a bunch of tired gossip. Deal? Anyway, Teach is waiting for me at the training ground, so I'd better get going.\nBalthus: Heh. Nice try, Claude, but I'm on to you..._Balthus: Hey there, Claude. Where are you headed? If you need some extra muscle, count me in.\nClaude: No thanks. Not much need for heightened security at the monastery. Well, most of the time anyway.\nBalthus: Yeesh, I can take a hint. I was just trying to help you out. The way I see it, can't do better than cozying up to the Claude von Riegan, future leader of the Alliance.\nClaude: You can get as cozy as you like, but I don't think that'll lower the price on your head.\nBalthus: Couldn't hurt. People trust you. They trust the folks you run with. I could use a little trust in my life.\nClaude: So you're hoping this newfound trust will trick more people into lending you money. Yeah, count me out. You know fighting debt with debt won't work, right?\nBalthus: Eh, just as well. If you mess up leading the Alliance, that plan's a bust anyway. So count me out, pal. By the way, Claude... Are you really the heir of House Riegan?\nClaude: Yes? That's my current understanding anyway. Why do you ask?\nBalthus: I've never head any talk of the last Duke Riegan leaving a son behind when he died in that accident. Duke Oswald the Old...your father? Tall tale, if you ask me. And if that's not the case, then who exactly did you get your Riegan blood from?\nClaude: Look at you, figuring things out by yourself. Sorry to say the true story isn't all that interesting. I was born to an offshoot of House Riegan. When my Crest manifested, I was accepted into the ruling bloodline. That's all there is to it.\nBalthus: Nice try, but I'm not buying it. House Riegan produces dukes and leads the whole of the Alliance. Not having an heir is a matter of life and death. Any relative with a Crest would be accepted immediately. But no one even knew you existed until fairly recently. It's fishy, Claude. Remarkably fishy.\nClaude: I think I've finally figured you out. You're working for Lorenz, aren't you?\nBalthus: Here's what I really can't work out. Duke Oswald's only daughter, Tiana. Whatever happened to her? I met her a few times when I was a kid. She was a great lady. A real looker too, let me tell ya.\nClaude: I see your mind was just as pure when you were a kid as it is now. How'd you even cross paths with her?\nBalthus: As the legitimate heir of a minor noble house, I got a pretty decent glimpse into high society. Lady Tiana was something special. The stuff of dreams, really. And one day, she just vanished. Poof, gone. I'll never forget hearing about it.\nClaude: Wow. So you've had a particular interest in older women since way back when. Sorry, go on.\nBalthus: When my old man told me, I cried buckets. Even Holst lost it.\nClaude: Holst? As in Holst the indomitable Alliance general? Huh. I never knew that.\nBalthus: Yeah...and after a while, I heard a strange rumor. Some say Lady Tiana left to live in a far-off land. Once I remembered that, the rest fell into place.\nClaude: Right. Say, have you considered minding your own business? Isn't that enough of a handful as it is? If you want to have a real discussion sometime, bring me facts. Not a bunch of tired gossip. Deal? Anyway, Teach is waiting for me at the training ground, so I'd better get going.\nBalthus: Heh. Nice try, Claude, but I'm on to you..._Claude: Balthus! You and I are of like minds, so I'd like to get your opinion on something.\nBalthus: Oh, is this about the age thing? As a rule, so long as she's younger than my own mother, it's fair game, pal.\nClaude: Noted. But that's not what I wanted to talk about. Ever, really. Do you remember what I said, about the first thing we need to accomplish in this war?\nBalthus: That bit about busting open the lid that keeps the people of Fódlan from the rest of the world?\nClaude: That's right. I'd like to know your thoughts on the matter.\nBalthus: Um, 'K. Well, everyone seemed to eat it up, so I'm fine with it too. Certainly, no against it. In a world like that, my mom wouldn't have to fear what others think of her. But it all hinges on if you can shape reality into the vision you have in mind. That's no small task.\nClaude: Hm, I had a feeling you'd say something like that. Please, go on.\nBalthus: I'm all for mixing up different ways of life and bloodlines, but who knows what it'll really mean for Fódlan? We'll be free from things that previously bound us. Wall wills crumble. Things will change...drasically. At the same time, the world we've defended for years could easily become unrecognizable. Everything we've built up until now could fall to ash. Hard to say how it'll all shake out. All we can do is wait and see. Maybe all will end well. Or maybe not.\nClaude: All I want is for everyone to accept each other. That's the ideal I'm striving for. It's deceptively simple, when you think about it.\nBalthus: Look, if getting exactly what you wanted was easy, I'd be drowing in gold. Don't get caught up in the stakes. You just have to throw the dice and see where they fall.\nClaude: Good advice. That's all we can ever do, really. I just have to do my best and prepare for the worst.\nBalthus: You got it. I can't help with funding, obviously, but you have my support.\nClaude: Speaking of funds... You're not planning to sell the secrets of my origins for a quick payoff, right? There are people with deep pocket who'd love to see me fall. They'd pay well for information like that.\nBalthus: Hehe! Don't worry, Claude. I wouldn't sell out a friend, not even for a small fortune. Most likely.\nClaude: Yeah, that's not worrisome at all.\nBalthus: Heh. I was just kidding. After all, I have that promise to look forward to. You won't let me down, right?\nClaude: Oh, of course not. And that promise was...what exactly?\nBalthus: How about hooking me up with your mom! After we bust open that lid, of course.\nClaude: Of course. Uh, age difference aside, you know she's married, right?\nBalthus: I'm not a loon, Claude. I'm not trying to marry her! I just want some closure with my childhood crush.\nClaude: Is that a fact? Well, it'd be interesting to see whether my father can kill you before my mother beats him to it._null_null_null_
5_30_Lysithea: Ugh, training was exhausting today. Need some quick energy. Aha! Perfect time for my favorite candy! I won't make it back to my room without this sweet, sweet energy, and no one's around, soooo... Mmm... Mmm...\nBalthus: Lookee here! It's the little lady of House Ordelia. Just back from training, yeah? You're unstoppable.\nLysithea: Mmm... Mmm... Mmm...\nBalthus: Not feeling chatty, I see. Something to do with those puffy cheeks? Got a cavity brewing, or what?\nLysithea: I definitely don't!\nBalthus: So bad you can't even speak properly. Poor thing. It's OK, I know a guy. He'll have that rotten tooth out in no time.\nLysithea: No need!\nBalthus: Yep. Best in the business. Uses special tools and everything. Door and a string or some such.\nLysithea: No! No! Thank you!\nBalthus: Ah. You just had food in your mouth. You could have told me that a lot sooner, you know.\nLysithea: Wow. Placing the blame on me? What a piece of work. But, uh... hey. Don't tell anyone.\nBalthus: That you were walking around with acorn-stuffed cheeks like some kind of overzealous squirrel?\nLysithea: Ugh! It wasn't acorns. It was candy!\nBalthus: Even still, I don't plan on telling anyone a hungry girl ate some food. Not much of a story, really.\nLysithea: You don't get it. If people think I'm gnawing on candy, they'll think I'm nothing more than a child.\nBalthus: That a fact? I'd say it's downright prudent to fortify yourself any chance you get. Mature, even.\nLysithea: Wait... What?\nBalthus: Nothing is certain in life, not even your next meal. You never know when you'll be taken into custody and have to go without food and drink for a while.\nLysithea: Just what kind of a world do you inhabit, mister?\nBalthus: The real world, little lady. My life is a collection of getting into trouble, getting caught, and getting free. One time I was actually rescued by your parents. Bet you didn't know that, eh?\nLysithea: They... rescued you?\nBalthus: Too true. I owe them for that. I... Gah! I forgot I'm actually in a rush. I gotta run. Enjoy your secret candy, pal.\nLysithea: Mother and Father rescued that guy? But when would that have happened?_Lysithea: Balthus, do you have a moment?\nBalthus: Well, well! It's the little lady of House Ordelia. What can I do for you?\nLysithea: You piqued my interest when you spoke about my parents coming to your rescue.\nBalthus: Ah, right. Forgot I let that slip. After I fled my home, I became something of a vagrant. Getting into fights, borrowing money I couldn't pay back, the works.\nLysithea: Oh, I know all about it. You were quite the vagabond.\nBalthus: Wherever I went, I was treated like trash. Securing enough food to live on got harder and harder. It became clear that I wasn't welcome in Alliance territory, so I decided to head on over to the Empire. My big mistake was stopping by the Great Bridge of Myrddin on the way. Just my luck, some jerk of a minor lord north of the bridge was on a hunt for the bounty on my head.\nLysithea: Oh, that's awful...\nBalthus: Would have been fine if I'd been alone, but innocent folks were around. Didn't want to endanger them. That's when I turned tail. I ran until I couldn't run another step, and found myself in Ordelia territory. I knew Count Ordelia from when I was still with my family's house, so it seemed like a decent option. I was hoping our history would be enough to secure a place of sanctuary... but no such luck.\nLysithea: They refused to take you in?\nBalthus: Yeah. I could tell there was some reason behind it, but they told me to get out as fast as I could.\nLysithea: Ah... I imagine it was when the Empire was meddling with my family. We lived in shackles back then.\nBalthus: Makes sense. Still, I'm grateful. They gave me food and distracted the Empire's cronies so I could escape. I was half dead from starvation, so that meal saved my life–no joke. Your family's the real deal. Just imagine what the Empire would have done to me. I can tell you it wouldn't have been pretty.\nLysithea: I have no doubts. We weren't allowed contact with anyone from outside. It was strictly forbidden.\nBalthus: I see. Well, that's when I vowed to find a way to repay them. One day, I'll do just that.\nLysithea: And when do you intend to carry out this vow of yours? In due honesty, I don't see you as someone capable of carrying out vows right now. Or even keeping your things together.\nBalthus: Haha! Can't argue with that. It'll take me a while to repay that debt, but I will. Just you wait and see._Balthus: Little Lysithea! These ears miss nothing, you know.\nLysithea: What are you on about this time?\nBalthus: Is it true that Count Ordelia plans to relinquish his title eventually?\nLysithea: Yes. But why are you asking?\nBalthus: I approve, that's all. Throwing off the shackles of nobility to live freely. It's a beautiful thing.\nLysithea: I would ask that you refrain from painting them with the same brushstrokes that you so liberally paint yourself with. My mother and father will carry on with all the associated duties befitting of nobles. Only after that they will retire.\nBalthus: Got it. And that's completely different from someone like me who tapped out of the nobility game, right? Your parents are exemplary nobles, that's for sure. I respect that you support them as much as you do.\nLysithea: Would you just stop. You're embarrassing me.\nBalthus: Can't be helped. Meant every word. If anyone should have red cheeks, it's me, given the choices I've made.\nLysithea: I'm sure you had your reasons.\nBalthus: Of course. Still, it's a bit cowardly of me not to stand up to my family a little more. Honestly... It's since getting to know you that I've started thinking along these lines. One day so, I'll return to that house. My reception will be chilly at best... Still, it must be done. My house is full of lowlifes. But it also has my little bro, who took over when I left. He's good people. Even with the difficulties in Leicester, our house is still going strong. That's his doing. That's why I've decided that it's time to talk to him about what can be done to help Count Ordelia.\nLysithea: Repaying your perceived debt would be nice, sure, but it sounds like you intend to foist your responsibility on to your little brother.\nBalthus: Ah, but the two aren't related. This is just the right thing to do. I'm still pondering how best to fulfill my vow.\nLysithea: Uh-huh...\nBalthus: Wow. You don't believe me, do you, little lady?\nLysithea: Just what exactly are you planning on in terms of this... repayment?\nBalthus: After your family relinquishes their noble titles, I'll support them so you can all live in peace.\nLysithea: Even though you're a lowlife?\nBalthus: That may be true - and it is - but consider this. I've seen life from both sides. As a noble and a vagabond. When their situation changes, they'll face new challenges. I'm the perfect guy to help 'em through.\nLysithea: You're irresponsible and unreliable, but clearly, you're not a bad person. And your support would be most appreciated. Just so you're aware, however, we have no means with which to pay you. So are you sure you're still willing to follow through with this?\nBalthus: I wasn't planning on doing this for a payout. But if you really insisted on a thank-you gift... Well, you could always accept me into your family. Then paying me wouldn't be a consideration.\nLysithea: Excuse me Just what are you insinuating?\nBalthus: Don't think too hard about it just yet. I still have lots of debts to pay and affairs to settle. In the meantime, let's just stick close together, yeah?_null_null_null_
5_22_Balthus: Hilda! Be a dear and spot me some gold, will ya?\nHilda: Slow down, Baltie. You can't be asking for money without so much as a hello. You're kidding, right?\nBalthus: Kidding. Yeah... Thing is, I was deadly serious. I don't joke about matters of gold.\nHilda: Ugh. Your request is denied. You didn't use to be like this, you know?\nBalthus: I get the feeling you don't mean anything good by that. But come on, I'm the same as I ever was.\nHilda: No. You used to be dependable. Like that time in the woods near Fódlan's Throat. You remember?\nBalthus: Thinking, thinking... Are you sure that was me?\nHilda: Yes! Ugh. I had told Holst I wanted to go on a walk in the forest.\nBalthus: Heh, Holst never could tell you \"no.\"\nHilda: Hm, few can. Anyway, when the three of us got there, a horde of monsters appeared. I started wailing.\nBalthus: Uh-huh, uh-huh. Then what happened?\nHilda: My brother started hitting one of the beasts with a wooden sword. You hoisted me over your shoulder. Holst told you to get me to safety, even if it killed you. So you ran the whole way from the forest to the estate with me on your back.\nBalthus: Ah! I remember it now. Toughest run of my life. I was so exhausted, I threw up about a month's worth of lunches afterward. \nHilda: And then you turned right around and started running back. You said, \"I've gotta save Holst!\"\nBalthus: A good thing too. Holst was moments from winding up in that thing's stomach. Had to slam into it, then Holst and I kept punching till the deed was done! Truly a fight to remember.\nHilda: It was impressive, especially since you were just teenagers. When you came back... you were just bruised boys in tattered clothes. But to me, you looked like heroes. And now, here you are, a scrounger who can hardly open his mouth without nagging me for money. What happened to that brave little boy who saved me from a monster?\nBalthus: Wow. Way to shame a guy. I feel awful... but I still need gold. Can't live without it in this cruel world.\nHilda: Oh, come on. We both know that when you have money, you drink or gamble it all away. But I suppose I could ask my brother to help pay off your debts. Get you back on your feet.\nBalthus: Don't you dare speak to Holst about this! He's a close friend. I'd hate to ruin what we have by borrowing gold.\nHilda: Oh! But you have no qualms about using his little sister? Figured I'd be an easy mark, is that it? Unbelievable.\nBalthus: That... coulda gone better._Hilda: Woah! Easy there, big guy. I'm fragile, you know.\nBalthus: Stand back, Hilda! I've got this!\nHilda: Whew. Thanks for the help, Baltie. Are you, OK?\nBalthus: What, this? It's noth- Argh!\nHilda: Ouch! You didn't have to do that, you know. I didn't ask you to get yourself beaten up. If I thought I might have to break a sweat, I'd have gotten out of there myself.\nBalthus: I know, I know. But I can't help but worry when I see you in a tight spot. Holst told me to keep an eye on you and all. It's the least I could do.\nHilda: Huh. I didn't realize you were still in touch with my brother.\nBalthus: Nah, this was ages ago. Told me if anything happened to him, it was up to me to look after you.\nHilda: What could possibly happen to Holst? He's indestructible.\nBatlhus: True. But what would he think if I let you get hurt when I could've saved you? Not on my watch, pal.\nHilda: Ha, good point. He'd kill you.\nBatlhus: It's a real concern. I may be the Renowned King of Grappling, but I still wouldn't want to take on Holst.\nHilda: Haha! He'd tear you to pieces... But if you did get killed trying to protect me, Holst would be crushed. Not as crushed as if something happened to me. But still, he'd be broken up about it.\nBalthus: Maybe so. But in that case, at least he wouldn't think I'd messed up. As much as I believe in Holst, he also believes in me. Because of that, I won't ever let him down. And on that note... Even if you think I'm in over my head, don't worry about it. I'd like for you to believe in me too.\nHilda: I can't stop worrying about you on command. That's not how worrying works.\nBalthus: Heh, fair. But I do what I do because I want to. If it lands me beneath the dirt sooner than later, well save your tears for my funeral.\nHilda: I hate when people talk about death like it's no big deal. Try to keep your stupid heart beating, all right?_Balthus: Hyah! Ha! Hiiiyah!\nHilda: Baltie? Still training at this hour? How unexpectedly diligent of you.\nBalthus: Ah, Hilda. How are things? Anything...of note to report?\nHilda: Um...no? I'm not sure what you mean.\nBalthus: Oh, I don't know. You haven't been approached by any lovelorn goons lately, have you?\nHilda: Hmm, now that you mention it, it's been a few days since any guys have flirted with me.\nBalthus: Fantastic. They got the hint.\nHilda: Whoa, whoa, wait a second. Are you pulling some weird prank on me?\nBalthus: Of course not. I'm just doing my best to keep my promise to Holst, that's all.\nHilda: Oh, not this again. That was ages ago! I'm sure my brother's forgotten all about it.\nBalthus: Dead wrong, pal. I actually had the chance to see him recently, and he had a new request for me.\nHilda: What? He told you to get rid of any guys who show interest in me, so I can stay his innocent little sister forever?\nBalthus: That sounds more like Seteth than Holst, don't you think?\nHilda: Mm, fair point. What was the request?\nBalthus: Guys here have the gall to consider you a potential bride. It's my job to test 'em. See if they're worthy.\nHilda: I don't like where this is going.\nBalthus: Since Holst isn't here to do the honors, I've spread the word that nobody is fit to marry you unless they can defeat the Great King of Grappling in a fight.\nHilda: What?! That's exactly the same as getting rid of them!\nBalthus: How so? It only eliminates the guys who are dumb enough to take up the challenge.\nHilda: No one is that dumb. No one around here thinks they can beat the Stupendous King of Grappling or whatever.\nBalthus: That's why I leveled the playing field by allowing sneak attacks. Plenty have already tried their luck. One guy actually tried to strangle me in my sleep.\nHilda: Wow, a sleep-strangler. He sounds like husband material.\nBalthus: And that's why I've been training so much. Can't let you end up with some weakling, after all.\nHilda: This is madness! If you keep getting stronger, there won't be anyone who fits the bill!\nBalthus: True. You could spend your whole life searching and never find a match for Balthus the Great. The only people who stand a chance are Holst...and me! Heh!\nHilda: To prove that you're worthy of my hand in marriage, you're going to fight...yourself?\nBalthus: I always knew I was my own worst enemy. One day, I'll finally meet my equal in battle. Me.\nHilda: Haha! So you're going to punch yourself out? Is that your idea of a romantic gesture? \nBalthus: When that fateful day arrives, Hilda, I want you to know that I intend to keep my word.\nHilda: Huh. A girl could do worse, I suppose._null_null_null_
5_40_Yuri: Hmm... The Myrmidon.\nBalthus: Heh, suit yourself! My gut says the odds are in favor of that mercenary. He's clearly a seasoned f\u2060— Gah! Right when I open my big mouth, he goes and loses on me.\nYuri: Hahaha, I win! Again. Had enough, Balthus?\nBalthus: Damn you! You've won every round! The fights are rigged, admit it. It's the only explanation.\nYuri: Heh, of course they aren't. It's not like we're playing for money. We wouldn't be so foolish now, would we? You're the one who started this silly game, anyway. So out with it. You lost—spill the beans. It has to be juicy, though. Something that leaves you a bit... vulnerable.\nBalthus: Why did I agree to these stakes? If this losing streak keeps up, you'll know an awful lot about me, pal. Let's see... OK, got one! A few years back, I went toe-to-toe with a bird beast in some ancient ruins.\nYuri: This one again? You obliterated the ruins, and a lord who found out put a price on your head. You've told me a thousand times before.\uFEFF\nBalthus: A good story bears repeating, yeah? But it seems I'm all out of anecdotes. How about I take my shirt off and let you look your fill instead. Two full minutes.\nYuri: Oh, come now. As if I'm interested in seeing your sweaty torso for the umpteenth time. If you're fresh out of stories, then I have a question for you. About your Crest.\nBalthus: Hit me where it hurts, why don'tcha? Is this your idea of negotiation?\nYuri: Perhaps... Or perhaps I'm simply curious. Tell me, how did you come across such a rarity? To my knowledge, nobody within House Albrecht has your Crest.\nBalthus: Why ask what you already know? You've got your own rare Crest, so I'm sure you've figured it out. Unless you think the goddess gave us these things while we slept, hehe. Wait... do you?\nYuri: Hey now. I'm the one winning the bets, so I'm the one asking the questions.\nBalthus: Got me there. Hey, look! The next round's starting. My luck's about to turn around, I can feel it.\nYuri: Let's do you a favor and call it good here. No need to embarrass yourself further, friend.\nBalthus: Even if I'm terrible at this, I can't walk away during a losing streak. I have my own sort of honor.\nYuri: ... All right, Balthus. Check out... those two Myrmidons.\nBalthus: The two who were eating together earlier? Huh. Who knew they were opponents.\nYuri: I kind of figured. Thoughts?\nBalthus: Well, that one's pretty beefy. Quick on his feet too. Clearly a seasoned fighter. His opponent's OK, but a bit showy. Compensating for being newer at this, would be my guess.\nYuri: Mm-hmm. So? Make your choice.\nBalthus: Thank you. First guy, no doubt about it. You can see from a mile away... that... HE LOST?! Wow. That was quick.\nYuri: Not everything is as it appears. For example, were you and I to go at it, perhaps you'd bet in favor of yourself over me. And you'd lose. I'd use my cunning to ensure my victory. By any means necessary. Maybe I'd slip something into your food—level the playing field. You see now?\nBalthus: Point taken. I'll keep that in mind for this next one. Gotta put that great advice to the test, right?\nYuri: Heheheh, ever the bold one. It seems we must continue these games until you finally concede._Balthus: Argh! This is pointless! My head's about to split in two...\nYuri: Wow. Balthus? What's with you, friend? I've never seen you so deep in thought. Next thing I know, snow will be dumping out of the sky here in Abyss, hahaha!\nBalthus: Shut your trap! I'm driving myself crazy over here. Got a lot on my mind, OK?\nYuri: Like?\nBalthus: Gah, fine. You know how I never got any stories out of you the other day?\nYuri: How could I forget? I won every last round. It was clear that both Lady Luck and the goddess had given up on you. Your powers of deliberation weren't any help either.\nBalthus: You cought me off my stride, got it? But it was clear I'd never win a story from you, so I went digging.\nYuri: Uh-huh.\nBalthus: I was especially curious about that Crest of yours, so I went rifling around for a lead and got to thinkin'.\nYuri: You must have time on your hands if you're spending it thinking. Well? Let's hear it.\nBalthus: There's a story they tell where my mom grew up. Long ago, the village got in a squabble with some folks looking to conquer the place. A village elder gave some kind of holy red stuff to their wounded soldiers. Some kind of liquid, who knows... After she did that, some of them made a complete recovery, against all odds. The rest of them were changed, but not for the better. They up and vanished before long.\nYuri: And then?\nBalthus: Crests suddenly manifested for the ones who survived. They weren't inherited, or gifted by the goddess. It's a real thinker, yeah? A reaaal thinker...\nYuri: Near death but survived, despite all odds. Wait! The elder who my mom saved... Could he have used something similar? No, it can't be. Yet... something here is unsettling in its familiarity.\nBalthus: Hit the mark, did I?\nYuri: I don't know whether you hit the mark or missed it entirely. But your story was a cute one regardless. The truth is, I've been trying to sort out who I am. And, well... I haven't been successful in it. I don't even know whether my mother is truly my birth mother... or why it is I have this Crest. At this point, I have nothing but speculations. Maybe I'll sink into my grave without ever knowing the truth.\nBalthus: Lots of things in life don't have an answer. Just pick the story you like best and run with it. That's better than finding out a truth you can't live with. You can really mess your head up like that.\nYuri: ... Dammit, you're right. To think that something so trivial could bother someone like me.\nBalthus: Look who's a quick learner! Thinking too much'll sap your energy, pal. I avoid it whenever possible. In fact, it's been ages since I last thought so deeply. My head is really hurting right now, heh. But if that old legend is true... what was that holy red stuff? What happened to the vanished soldiers?! Once I start thinking about all that, I keep going round and round in my head... And then it's dawn... and then it's nightfall and then it's dawn again, and...\n(Balthus collapses)\n\nYuri: Ah– Hey! Balthus?!\nBalthus: Let me at 'em! Oh? Ah. Not a fight, then. Heh, that's what I get for overusing the old noggin.\nYuri: You damn fool!_Yuri: Hey. Take this.\nBalthus: Hm? That smell... that sound... This is gold! A sizable stash of precious gold! What gives? Don't tell me you got your mitts on the church's vault...\nYuri: You fool. It's simply a reward. Nothing to get in a tizzy over.\nBalthus: No way I can accept this, pal. Trust me, I haven't done anything to deserve it.\nYuri: Just shut up and take it. Call it your fee for providing me with information. What you told me–the tale from your mother's homeland–it really helped me. Anyway, if you don't actually need it, I'm sure you'll find a use for it. Maybe take your mom out for a night on the town?\nBalthus: Looks like your insisting, then. Fine! I'll use it to buy her some good grub. But I thought you didn't actually find any answers in my little tale.\nYuri: Not quite. But it helped me in other ways. I've stopped vexing myself over unimportant details, like who I am or who I think I am.\nBalthus: That's all fine and good, but is it really worth its weight in gold? This is coin we're talking about!\nYuri: Look, do you want it or not? Is there something else you'd prefer?\nBalthus: Haa...\nYuri: Wow. That was one hell of a sigh.\nBalthus: Look, you're better than me at thinking. And betting. But right this moment, you're the fool. You. Do I like gold? Yes. Do I want it? Need it? Yes and yes. While we're at it, I like brawling. Women too. But there's something I care about even more than gold, fighting, and women. Any ideas?\nYuri: Oh, this is tough. Um, let me guess... Hopelessly losing every bet you place? A good drink?\nBalthus: You really think highly of me, don't you? Dead wrong! It's having a bash bro, a friend to fight with, fight for.\nYuri: Seems I was a bit off base there.\nBalthus: I guess to you, everyone is either an underling or a business associate. But with a bash bro, there's no such thing as an ''overdue loan.'' No hierarchies or other nonsense. It's someone to trust, both in and out of battle. Someone to share life's ups and downs with.\nYuri: I... see. No need to reward a bash bro, I suppose.\nBalthus: That's the ticket. I know you were born into a world of trickery and exploitation, but you don't have to live like that anymore. Now you've got me.\nYuri: I'm not accustomed to talks like this, I must admit. Hm... How can I frame this... Nobody even knows my real name. Are you actually comfortable confessing such warmth toward someone so... cold?\nBalthus: Clearly. No matter who you are or what you'be done, I care about you. That won't ever change.\nYuri: Haha, now that is fresh.\nBalthus: I told you my feelings and you laughed... Heh! You're one-of-a-kind, pal.\nYuri: I'm sorry. I've got to admit I thought I'd heard it all, but you've managed to surprise me. It's the first time anyone has ever said anything so sincere, without trying to get something out of me.\nBalthus: I could try to say it again with more swagger, if that helps.\nYuri: Nah, no need. Bash bros. Has a nice ring to it. From here forward, we are forever bash bros, friend!\nBalthus: I've got your back, pal._null_null_null_
5_10_Balthus: Oh, Constance. Hey. Um... Sure is sunny out, huh? Yeah...\nConstance: Good day to you, Balthus. You seem to be enjoying your freedom. I must admit I'm jealous.\nBalthus: Right. Uh... So yeah, the weather's nice, heh. I gotta be going now.\nConstance: Of course. What profit is there for one so exalted to spend time alongside one so common as me? Worry not. You needn't suffer me any longer. I shall see myself off.\nBalthus: Come on, don't be like that. You know I get uncomfortable at times like this. I'm trying. Really. You matter--so stick around, yeah? Let's... chat. It'll be great.\nConstance: You needn't take pity on me out of the sense of obligation that your status demands. For you, the nobility that you abandoned was a shackle on your true self, which is now freed. No need to converse with me any longer, putting yourself out on my behalf.\nBalthus: Quite a mouthful you just unloaded on me. Not sure what you mean by that nobility stuff, though. Sure, I walked out on leading a noble house. But how do you imagine that's related to this chat of ours? I already admitted I'm no good with stuff like this, but I don't think I'm ''putting myself'' out or whatever.\nConstance: My apologies. The misunderstanding was entirely my own. As I suspected from the start, I am unfit to serve as your conversational partner.\nBalthus: Ahh, that's enough! Stop talking that way and twisting everything I say! Just spit it out and tell me something real! You hate my guts, yeah?\nGatekeeper: Huh, this is novel! But doesn't this scene usually play out in reverse?\nBalthus: Ah, sorry. Guess I raised my voice there. But what do you mean by that ''reverse'' dig?\nGatekeeper: Well, it's usually her yelling at you while you try to deflect. It's rare to see you lose your cool while she stays so calm. But different people get along differently on different days, I suppose. Anyhow, I'll let you get back to it.\nBalthus: Ouch. He has a point. I lost myself for a moment there.\nConstance: To think that I have ever raised my voice against you...\nBalthus: He seems to think we're real pals. Honestly, whether rain or shine, I don't think a day's gone by without you treating me poorly.\nConstance: Oh! What a thing to say! I could never go so far as to insult one with your lineage.\nBalthus: Ha! You're a funny one, pal. A real hoot!\nConstance: The idea that I could be amusing is funnier than any jest I may have uttered. Haha... haha..._Balthus: What's with all the ruckus, I wonder? Wait... Isn't that Constance?\nSoldier: This has nothing to do with you, so keep your nose out of it!\nSoldier: Yeah, none of your business! Unless you're his girlfriend, that is! Heh.\nConstance: You ascribe too much to me, sirs. I haven't the qualities that Balthus seeks in a partner.\nSoldier: So prissy! You Balthus's lady or not?\nConstance: Softly, please, softly! Such accusations are slander upon his good name. I have no place in the heart of one so freewheeling and glad. Were there a list a suitable partners, I should deem myself to be at the tail end of it.\nSoldier: If you're not his gal, then step off. We're trying to spread some juicy Balthus gossip over here. You're nothing to him, so why ruin our fun?\nConstance: Because what you say is unthinkable. If you attempt to spread lies that strain credulity so, it will be your own reputations that suffer. Your or your bones, should Balthus ever learn of this deception. A hairline break may heal, but the powder he makes of a man's skeleton is another matter... And that's to say nothing of the jelly that will be left of your organs. Are you not concerned?\nSoldier: He'll do what?! Oh, um, guess spreading lies is a bad idea. Good thing I'd never do such a thing!\nSoldier: Uh, right! This is a big misunderstanding. Thanks for the heads-up!\nSoldier: We're just gonna back away now. Um, have a nice day!\n(Soldiers run off)\n\nConstance: Whew. I've saved lives today. They didn't deserve the fury that he would unleash. But then, few would... Hm? Is that not Balthus standing there?\n(Balthus approaches)\n\nBalthus: Hey! Why did you say all that scary stuff about me?! Don't tell people things like that! They're not the ones ruining my reputation–you are!\nConstance: Oh, how shortsighted of me... I believed myself to be acting in your interest, but I see now that I was mistaken. I shall regret this indiscretion until my dying day.\nBalthus: Clearly I need to take anything that falls out of your mouth with a grain of salt. Maybe the whole shaker. Still, you did stop those two from taking about me. Regardless of how you did it, I guess I should be grateful. So... thanks.\nConstance: This magnanimity is in keeping with the wondrous man I know you to be. So open, so accepting... You are a paragon for others to follow.\nBalthus: Sheesh, maybe it's better when she treats me poorly. Being praised like that is downright uncomfortable..._Balthus: Hyah! Come at me!\nConstance: Balthus, you mustn't draw the enemy in so. Pay do not sacrifice yourself on my account.\nBalthus: Enough of that! Just watch my back like we planned!\nConstance: A thousand pardons, then.\n(Scene change to Garreg Mach Marketplace)\n\nBalthus: Phew! It's been a while since we had such a close fight. How are you holding up? You didn't seem like your heart was really in it this time.\nConstance: I had some difficulty, knowing the torment our enemy was going through. Bad enough to fall in combat, but to be felled by one so base as I...\nBalthus: If they regret anything, it's that you're worried about their humiliating defeat. Ego burn, right there. You know, it wasn't so bad fighting at your side. We make a pretty good team, you and I.\nConstance: It is because you have the courage to face your enemies head on, leaving your flanks unguarded. And the generosity to allow less skilled fighters the glory of dispatching foes who take the bait. Every aspect of your tactics is a reflection of your incomparable virtue.\nBalthus: You have a way of understanding a situation, but also twisting it all up in your head. Impressive, really. The Unrivaled King of Grappling himself–that'd be me–trusted you enough to watch his back. Can't you just be proud and leave it at that?\nConstance: The nickname is a difficult one to respect, though the man inhabiting it is more than worthy.\nBalthus: Hmph.\nConstance: If what I have said today has offended, which I would not doubt, then accept my humblest apologies.\nBalthus: Ha! You really are something else, you know that? I like your style, pal. I could see us teaming up as mercenaries and wandering from battlefield to battlefield. Admit it, that would be a grand old time. Don't you think?\nConstance: It would... depend on the circumstances. Might I impose on you to come with me?\nBalthus: Right, there's always... Wait, what?\n(Scene change to Entrance Hall)\n\nBalthus: OK, we're here. Care to explain?\nConstance: Must you make a mockery of everything?! I have my own dream to pursue, not this twaddle! You assmue I'd abandon the restoration of House Nuvelle to... to become a vagrant?! Are you mad? Even among your fabled transgressions, this goes beyond the pale!\n(Constance walks off)\n\nBalthus: Definitely a fair-weather friend, that one..._null_null_null_
5_21_Hapi: ...scampered up to me, hopped in my lap, and scarfed it all down in one bite.\nBalthus: Ha! That sounds terrible!\nHapi: I was looking forward to that sandwich all morning. And then she scurried off like nothing happened. Hrrmm!\nBalthus: ...\nBalthus: Ahhh, hm. All right, then. What do you feel like doing today?\nHapi: Why'd you sigh like that?\nBalthus: That's not a problem, is it? I can tell you were holding back a real monstrous sigh yourself. Figured I'd get one back for the both of us. Felt great.\nHapi: Oh, I see. Must be nice, sighing whenever you feel so inclined.\nBalthus: Ooh! Why not try taking a deep breath whenever you feel a sigh coming on? Trick yourself out of it?\nHapi: I tried that once. It went OK at first, but then I had to exhale.\nBalthus: Right. Guess they're too similar for that to work. Does that mean yawning is a no-go too?\nHapi: I'm pretty bored right now, so maybe we'll find out. But I don't yawn very often, to be honest.\nBalthus: Because you sleep when the sun goes down and wake when it rises, yeah?\nHapi: Yup. That's been my routine for a while now. It's easier than contending with a full day of boring stuff.\nBalthus: Come on, everything has its quirks. I don't think I'd call anything in this wild world boring.\nHapi: Really? 'Cause you don't seem to take much interest in your own future.\nBalthus: Ha! That's not very nice, is it? We really aren't all that different, you know. I'd wager you haven't given too much thought to tomorrow either.\nHapi: Quiet. Don't pretend you can see through me. This pointless chatter has made me even hungrier than I already was. I'm off to the dining hall.\nBalthus: Just wanted the gal to relax for a change. Whew... She's as prickly as ever._Balthus: What's all this? Ha! I knew it! Would you look at that–it's gold! Some poor sap just left it here for me to find. Heh, I'll be taking this, then.\nHapi: You think the whole world is your collection jar. Unbelievable...\nBalthus: Ah... Um, sorry about that. Look, I feel awful. Please don't twist up your face like you're suppressing a disappointed sigh. How about I use this gold to buy you something nice? A sweet treat, perhaps? Yeah?\nHapi: I don't eat contraband sweets. Are you trying to get me locked up again? Give back the money or don't. It's none of my business. Either way, keep me out of it.\nBalthus: As you wish, milady. Straight to the fun fund it goes. Drinks don't buy themselves, unfortunately.\nHapi: That may make for a fun night or two. But what about the money you owe? If you're going to keep this, you should apply it to your debts before a bounty hunter gets ahold of you.\nBalthus: This gold wouldn't even make a dent. It's chump change. Better to drink it than waste it. In any case, when I'm dead, I'm dead. When that happens, none of this will matter anymore. I'm not going to worry about what I can't control. I've got better uses for this gold in the meantime.\nHapi: I don't understand how you can be so reckless. It's as though you want to get killed. Meanwhile, if I lose control for even a moment, monsters will eat me for dinner.\nBalthus: Hearing you say that so casually feels like a bad omen. It's unsettling, that's for sure.\nHapi: Sorry, is that too morbid for you? You just told me, ''When I'm dead, I'm dead.''\nBalthus: And it's true. For me. Not for you.\nHapi: And why is that?\nBalthus: Because all this mess I'm drowning in is my own fault. Every bit of it. You can't say the same. I'm in trouble because I borrowed, drank, and fought too much. All my own choices. That means it's on me to take responsibility and accept the inevitable outcome.\nHapi: So... since it's in my control to keep the sighs at bay, I don't get to relax ever?\nBalthus: Err, not quite. I'm sayin' that it isn't your fault, so you shouldn't have to bear that burden alone.\nHapi: That's a nice sentiment, but people are hardly lining up to share this burden with me. Talk is cheap, Everyone knows it's all over the instant I sigh.\nBalthus: Huh. I have a habit of not saying the right thing to her. Not much I can do abo– Hey, it's more gold! Go ahead and join your buddies in my pocket, pal._Hapi: Why did you bring me here? It's so isolated.\nBalthus: That would be the point.\nHapi: Yikes. see you around, B.\nBalthus: Hang on a second. Out here, in a place like this, you should be free to sigh, yeah?\nHapi: What do you mean by that?\nBalthus: I just thought it would do you well to cut loose and sigh to your heart's content.\nHapi: Really? You found a nice, quiet place where you could annoy me without putting bystanders at risk?\nBalthus: Aah, why does this always happen? That's not what I meant. This is me doing something nice for you. You said before that you can't ever relax because you're worried about endangering others. A lot's been going on recently. So let'er rip already. Sigh until you can sigh no more!\nHapi: That's...nice of you. A chance to relax and sigh as I please. Sounds good. But what do we do about the monsters?\nBalthus: What do you think? A monster shows up, I punch it in the nose. Done deal.\nHapi: By yourself?\nBalthus: I'm never alone, pal. These two fists are always by my side, and they never let me down.\nHapi: Oh, right.\nBalthus: It doesn't have to be here if you have performance anxiety. But anytime you accidentally call a monster, just holler and I'll punch it to next Tuesday. In fact, maybe it's best if you stick by my side from now on. Do that, and you're free to sigh whenever the urge strikes.\nHapi: Why would I have to stay by your side?\nBalthus: Not a lot of people in this world can knock out a beast without breaking a sweat. I'm one of 'em. And since I'm always on the run from bounty hunters, I'm an exceptionally light sleeper.\nHapi: You expect me to sleep by your side too?\nBalthus: Ooh, this may be my best idea yet... If I'm always with a monster summoner, fewer people will come after my bounty! Heh, this is brilliant...\nHapi: *sigh* You never change, B. You're so predictable. *sigh* All right, have fun.\nBalthus: Have fun? That's an odd thing to - AH!\nWild Demonic Beast: Raaaaaaargh!\nBalthus: Monsters! They're everywhere! Heh, this is gonna be a blast.\nHapi: It's hard not to like that dummy._null_null_null_