18_41_Flayn: Excuse me, Professor. May I have a moment of your time?\nByleth: Certainly.\nFlayn: Ah, wonderful! I was hoping you might enlighten me. About yourself, that is. You see, I happen to be quite curious about you.\nByleth: Oh? Why is that?\nFlayn: Well, because. There is something different about you. You possess an air of mystery... I could not help but notice when first we met. I am intrigued, to say the least. I find it rather difficult to put into words... Were I to wax poetic, I would say you remind me of the sea. Have you ever been, Professor?\nByleth: A few times, yes.\nFlayn: The sea is vast. Boundless. On the surface, all seems still. Yet beneath that stillness, it is unfathomably deep. Within, it teems with life, yet without, one is lucky to glimpse a fleeting shadow. And yet, all one must do it cast a line to grasp hold of all that life! You cannot see it at a glance, but it is there all the same.\nByleth: What are you talking about, exactly?\nFlayn: About fish, of course! I, bother. I got sidetracked, didn't I? Right. About the sea... During a storm, the once calm waters become mighty enough to overturn even the vastest ships. Not unlike you. You are calm–you carry yourself with poise. Yet you wield great power. My brother is uncertain of you, however. He referred to you as a youth of...dubious origin. Oh, but please do not think ill of him! He is incredibly dedicated to his work. So surely you understand why he would have doubts about one of whom he knows so little. Nobody even seems to know your age! Incidentally, how old are you?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I don't actually know.\nChoice 2: I'd rather not say.\nFlayn:\nChoice 1 response: Wait–you do not know your own age? You truly are mysterious!\nChoice 2 response: Aha! I suspect that if you choose not to say, you must be quite young.\nFlayn: Hmm... Looking at you, it is quite difficult for me to determine. I wonder... Could you be younger than your own students?\nByleth: And how old are you?\nFlayn: Who, me? Well, I roughly the same age as the other youths here!\nByleth: You look younger than the others...\nFlayn: Be that as it may, it is simply not the case. Oh, by the way, I... I have actually been considering enrolling in the academy myself. But my brother will not allow it. He is a touch overprotective at times... Oh! My apologies! I am sure you have much work to do. I will not keep you any longer! We must speak again sometime...if that would be all right. Have a lovely day!_Flayn: It has been a while since we last spoke, Professor. Spare me a moment again, will you not?\nByleth: Of course.\nFlayn: You recall how you helped me and allowed me to join your class, yes? I have learned a great many things since then. Indeed, I have truly grown so much! This personal growth is due, in large part, to you. And I wish to express my gratitude, sincerely.\nByleth: I'm not sure you've grown that much...\nFlayn: Excuse me? Are you implying that I am still naive? I will have you know that I have made many friends, and am constantly learning new things! Why, when I go to the market–alone–I even haggle! You must be familiar with the delicate art of haggling– in which one negotiates a lower asking price for an item. That is the type of knowledge common only to those as mature as myself!\nByleth: How old are you again?\nFlayn: Who, me? Um, have you not asked this once before? It is a bit rude to ask repeatedly, you know.\nByleth: You never told me.\nFlayn: Is that so? Well, it seems we have something in common, since I do not know your age either. Come now. There is nothing to be gained from focusing so heavily on age. Touching on a previous discussion, I think I have learned more about you. I mentioned how you possess an air of mystery... I compared you to any old sea, but I have come to realize you are more like a particular sea–one I have seen before. When I was quite small, my mother would take me out to play in the sea. She was an excellent fisher, my mother. I grew to love fish deeply because of her...\nByleth: Where are you going with this?\nFlayn: Well, you see, fish are– Oh, er, wait. I was talking about the sea, was I not? Anyhow... I sense that, like the sea, your depths are seemingly impenetrable. Yet, despite your unknowable depths, there is something...familiar about you. It is as if we have met somewhere, long, long ago...\nByleth: You think we've met before?\nFlayn: No, I do not think so. It is all quite strange, really. I wonder if we might be distant relatives... No, that cannot be it, either. After all, if we were related, that would mean... Hm, though considering all that Rhea has done, it is not entirely outside the realm of possibility... Hm? Oh, apologies. Just muttering to myself. It is nothing. Mutterings aside, I mean to say that you do not feel like a stranger to me. For whatever reason, I feel deeply connected to you. And for this, I am glad._Flayn: ...\nByleth: What's wrong?\nFlayn: Oh, hello, Professor! How nice to see you. You caught me off guard. I was actually just thinking about you.\nByleth: Why the sigh?\nFlayn: Just a moment ago? Well, I... I... I am afraid I just do not understand you. When we first met, I sensed something different about you — something mysterious. And now I am convinced. Your existence itself is very special. Thinking on it, I know it to be true. You have a Crest that should have been lost long ago. You wield the Sword of the Creator as if it is nothing... Your hair and eye color changed on that day five years ago. To the same sort of color as mine and my brother's...\nByleth: What does it all mean?\nFlayn: I do not know. My brother refuses to speak to me of it. Since then, you have led us into battle and, thus far, we have always come out victorious. Your comrades and colleagues adore you. They believe in you — in your strength. I doubt there is a single soul who is likened to you. Who are you really?\nByleth: I don't know.\nFlayn: I simply do not understand. Whatever the case may be, having hair like mine is proof that there is something exceptional about you. I may as well come forward with things. I, too, am unlike others.\nByleth: How so?\nFlayn: Surely you recall that I was targeted, specifically for my blood? I may not be special in the ways you are, but my blood is rare. It seems the two of us share a special... differentness. I also believe that we are bound together in some way. Of this I am certain. Therefore, I intend to stay by your side and watch over you. Your existence must be preserved at all cost.\nByleth: I would rather protect you.\nFlayn: Certainly those are the words of a hero! Let us unite our powers — together, we are unstoppable!_null_null_Flayn: Tell me... What is it you are actually trying to say?\nByleth: I told you already...\nFlayn: You cannot possibly be serious. How can this be true? You are sincerely saying that the progenitor god, Sothis, dwells within you and that you have inherited her power? That is utterly...bizarre.\nByleth: But it's the truth.\nFlayn: If I may be so bold, do you consider yourself male or female? I have only ever heard of you referred to as a male, but Sothis is most assuredly female. Am I to believe that you are a male goddess? I am not certain how much sense that makes... I suppose there are circumstances by which such a thing is possible...\nByleth: I never said I was a goddess.\nFlayn: Oh, are you not? But if you have inherited her power, then surely the two of you have become one. Gah, it all makes my head spin. I suppose I will take your word for it.\nByleth: Flayn... I want you to have this.\n(Byleth presents his mother's ring)\n\nFlayn: This is a ring... Oh my, it is beautiful! So delicate and feminine. Is this your ring? So then, you walk around with a women's ring. Surely this is proof that–\nByleth: You're missing the point.\nFlayn: Am I? Oh! Oh, wait! Now I recall! I have heard that it is customary to bestow a ring upon the person one wishes to marry. Which would mean... Hmm. Does this mean what I think it means?\nByleth: Will you marry me, Flayn?\nFlayn: Me? You? Us? You mean to tell me that you have fallen in love... with me?\nByleth: I love you dearly.\nFlayn: I think I might faint! I... No one has ever... Well, of course they have not. My apologies. I am quite taken aback! Are you most certain I am the one whom you love?\nByleth nods.\nFlayn: I always knew there was a deep, special bond between us. I never quite imagined that it might develop into this. Or...perhaps I did imagine it. Often. I must ask once more–are you certain that you are not the goddess Sothis?\nByleth: I'm not. Really.\nFlayn: This is all so surreal. I graciously accept your proposal and this beautiful ring.\n(S Support Artwork)\n\nFlayn: Your heart is as vast as the ocean. I ask that you wrap me in your embrace, for now and for all eternity.
18_42_Flayn: Excuse me, Professor. May I have a moment of your time?\nByleth: Certainly.\nFlayn: Ah, wonderful! I was hoping you might enlighten me. About yourself, that is. You see, I happen to be quite curious about you.\nByleth: Oh? Why is that?\nFlayn: Well, because. There is something different about you. You possess an air of mystery... I could not help but notice when first we met. I am intrigued, to say the least. I find it rather difficult to put into words... Were I to wax poetic, I would say you remind me of the sea. Have you ever been, Professor?\nByleth: A few times, yes.\nFlayn: The sea is vast. Boundless. On the surface, all seems still. Yet beneath that stillness, it is unfathomably deep. Within, it teems with life, yet without, one is lucky to glimpse a fleeting shadow. And yet, all one must do it cast a line to grasp hold of all that life! You cannot see it at a glance, but it is there all the same.\nByleth: What are you talking about, exactly?\nFlayn: About fish, of course! I, bother. I got sidetracked, didn't I? Right. About the sea... During a storm, the once calm waters become mighty enough to overturn even the vastest ships. Not unlike you. You are calm–you carry yourself with poise. Yet you wield great power. My brother is uncertain of you, however. He referred to you as a youth of...dubious origin. Oh, but please do not think ill of him! He is incredibly dedicated to his work. So surely you understand why he would have doubts about one of whom he knows so little. Nobody even seems to know your age! Incidentally, how old are you?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I don't actually know.\nChoice 2: I'd rather not say.\nFlayn:\nChoice 1 response: Wait–you do not know your own age? You truly are mysterious!\nChoice 2 response: Aha! I suspect that if you choose not to say, you must be quite young.\nFlayn: Hmm... Looking at you, it is quite difficult for me to determine. I wonder... Could you be younger than your own students?\nByleth: And how old are you?\nFlayn: Who, me? Well, I roughly the same age as the other youths here!\nByleth: You look younger than the others...\nFlayn: Be that as it may, it is simply not the case. Oh, by the way, I... I have actually been considering enrolling in the academy myself. But my brother will not allow it. He is a touch overprotective at times... Oh! My apologies! I am sure you have much work to do. I will not keep you any longer! We must speak again sometime...if that would be all right. Have a lovely day!_Flayn: It has been a while since we last spoke, Professor. Spare me a moment again, will you not?\nByleth: Of course.\nFlayn: You recall how you helped me and allowed me to join your class, yes? I have learned a great many things since then. Indeed, I have truly grown so much! This personal growth is due, in large part, to you. And I wish to express my gratitude, sincerely.\nByleth: I'm not sure you've grown that much...\nFlayn: Excuse me? Are you implying that I am still naive? I will have you know that I have made many friends, and am constantly learning new things! Why, when I go to the market–alone–I even haggle! You must be familiar with the delicate art of haggling– in which one negotiates a lower asking price for an item. That is the type of knowledge common only to those as mature as myself!\nByleth: How old are you again?\nFlayn: Who, me? Um, have you not asked this once before? It is a bit rude to ask repeatedly, you know.\nByleth: You never told me.\nFlayn: Is that so? Well, it seems we have something in common, since I do not know your age either. Come now. There is nothing to be gained from focusing so heavily on age. Touching on a previous discussion, I think I have learned more about you. I mentioned how you possess an air of mystery... I compared you to any old sea, but I have come to realize you are more like a particular sea–one I have seen before. When I was quite small, my mother would take me out to play in the sea. She was an excellent fisher, my mother. I grew to love fish deeply because of her...\nByleth: Where are you going with this?\nFlayn: Well, you see, fish are– Oh, er, wait. I was talking about the sea, was I not? Anyhow... I sense that, like the sea, your depths are seemingly impenetrable. Yet, despite your unknowable depths, there is something...familiar about you. It is as if we have met somewhere, long, long ago...\nByleth: You think we've met before?\nFlayn: No, I do not think so. It is all quite strange, really. I wonder if we might be distant relatives... No, that cannot be it, either. After all, if we were related, that would mean... Hm, though considering all that Rhea has done, it is not entirely outside the realm of possibility... Hm? Oh, apologies. Just muttering to myself. It is nothing. Mutterings aside, I mean to say that you do not feel like a stranger to me. For whatever reason, I feel deeply connected to you. And for this, I am glad._Flayn: ...\nByleth: What's wrong?\nFlayn: Oh, hello, Professor! How nice to see you. You caught me off guard. I was actually just thinking about you.\nByleth: Why the sigh?\nFlayn: Just a moment ago? Well, I... I... I am afraid I just do not understand you. When we first met, I sensed something different about you — something mysterious. And now I am convinced. Your existence itself is very special. Thinking on it, I know it to be true. You have a Crest that should have been lost long ago. You wield the Sword of the Creator as if it is nothing... Your hair and eye color changed on that day five years ago. To the same sort of color as mine and my brother's...\nByleth: What does it all mean?\nFlayn: I do not know. My brother refuses to speak to me of it. Since then, you have led us into battle and, thus far, we have always come out victorious. Your comrades and colleagues adore you. They believe in you — in your strength. I doubt there is a single soul who is likened to you. Who are you really?\nByleth: I don't know.\nFlayn: I simply do not understand. Whatever the case may be, having hair like mine is proof that there is something exceptional about you. I may as well come forward with things. I, too, am unlike others.\nByleth: How so?\nFlayn: Surely you recall that I was targeted, specifically for my blood? I may not be special in the ways you are, but my blood is rare. It seems the two of us share a special... differentness. I also believe that we are bound together in some way. Of this I am certain. Therefore, I intend to stay by your side and watch over you. Your existence must be preserved at all cost.\nByleth: I would rather protect you.\nFlayn: Certainly those are the words of a hero! Let us unite our powers — together, we are unstoppable!_null_null_null_
18_28_Flayn: Now then, where is that book on dance...\nLinhardt: Hello, Flayn. I'm curious if you could confirm some suspicions I have.\nFlayn: Hello, Linhardt. What is it?\nLinhardt: I've recently been lost in study on the topic of Saint Cethleann. You're familiar with her life, yes?\nFlayn: I know a little of her, as do many. But what does this have to do with me?\nLinhardt: Interesting that you would ask that. Your question betrays your understanding of my inquiry.\nFlayn: I am quite certain that it does not, as a matter of fact.\nLinhardt: I have interviewed several members of the academy and the monastery. All agree that you have trouble focusing on detail-oriented work. As I mentioned, I have been carefully researching Saint Cethleann's history, and I found several intriguing anecdotes concerning her life. Granted, it is not stated explicitly in the texts, but it is easy enough to read between the lines and get to the underlying truth. The authors of several tomes, all written within 50 years of Saint Cethleann's passing, imply she found it difficult to maintain focus on detail-oriented tasks. Then, just this morning, as I was studying statues of Saint Cethleann, I came to realize how similar her visage is to your own. Interesting, no?\nFlayn: I do not appreciate your disrespectful approach to this topic.\nLinhardt: No disrespect intended, I assure you. Saint Cethleann is a major saint. I only mean to say that looking like her is an honor.\nFlayn: I actually meant that you are being disrespectful to Saint Cethleann.\nLinhardt: There was one other item...\nFlayn: If you must...\nLinhardt: You are quite skilled in white magic, yes? My understanding is that you have a very high affinity for the art.\nFlayn: Yes, I do. I am confident in my abilities. I am glad of my abilities, for it is a way in which I am able to help others.\nLinhardt: Indeed! Once more, an echo of Saint Cethleann. I'm so curious as to why such similarities exist. Her Crest... Perhaps hereditary traits, then? Or is it possible I am allowing myself to see patterns where there are none? Hmmm...\nFlayn: I am very busy searching for a book. I will be going now._Linhardt: Flayn! I have another question for you if you please.\nFlayn: Another one, Linhardt? When will you leave me in peace?\nLinhardt: A breakthrough has been made concerning your Crest.\nFlayn: A major crest of Saint Cethleann, correct?\nLinhardt: Well, yes. I've been trying to keep that quiet. Part of my interest on this topic is that I possess a minor Crest of Cethleann myself.\nFlayn: I am aware.\nLinhardt: Possessing a minor Crest is uncommon but not rare among the noble families. However, a major Crest of Cethleann—that is beyond rare.\nFlayn: Oh, is it?\nLinhardt: I am quite curious as to why you were born with such a rare major Crest. Given that mine is a minor Crest of the same type, it's possible that you and I are distant relations.\nFlayn: You and I, related? I am quite certain that is not the case.\nLinhardt: Oh? Do you have access to a detailed ancestry? That could be a most useful tome.\nFlayn: No, I do not, however—\nLinhardt: A shame. Oh, to explore one's lineage and investigate such possibilities. Alas, the odds of your being a direct descendant of Saint Cethleann are quite low. The prevailing theory among respectable scholars is that Saint Cethleann died having never married.\nFlayn: It's true she's unmarried. Er, was unmarried, that is. I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not a descendant of Saint Cethleann. Of this I can assure you.\nLinhardt: While I do not subscribe to your absolute certainty, I do agree your relation to her is highly unlikely. Yet there is some connection between yourself and Saint Cethleann...\nFlayn: What was that you were mumbling to yourself?\nLinhardt: Nothing. My apologies. Simply thinking aloud. I do hope we can continue this discussion sometime.\nFlayn: He always acts so oddly... It makes me ill at ease._Linhardt: Reading anything interesting?\nFlayn: Ah! Good day, Linhardt. At the moment, I'm simply browsing history books.\nLinhardt: Reading these, it's easy to imagine what it would feel like to exist long ago. Fódlan's history spans thousands of years. We're lucky to have so many detailed records of our past.\nFlayn: I have knowledge of how people lived, who they loved, what wars they fought and why... But I'd never describe it as feeling like I was living in the past.\nLinhardt: And why not?\nFlayn: It's only a figure of speech.\nLinhardt: About our shared Crests...\nFlayn: Goodness, this again?\nLinhardt: There's an experiment I wish to attempt, although it might prove to be a bit troublesome.\nFlayn: A troublesome experiment? You know I do not like pain.\nLinhardt: Pain? No. There won't... Well...I'm unsure of the results, but that's why they call it an experiment. It would, of course, require that you and I get married.\nFlayn: I beg your pardon?!\nLinhardt: Yes. If bearers of major and minor Cethleann Crests reproduce... What Crest would the offspring possess, if any? I must know and thought the question might pique your interest as well.\nFlayn: Are you actually speaking about a hypothetical future with me? Involving...children?!\nLinhardt: Yes. Such parentage has never been documented. A whole new field of research awaits. It would be a worthy experiment, and we'd need only five or so children for a good sample size.\nFlayn: Do you mind going back to what you mentioned earlier?\nLinhardt: Pardon? Which part?\nFlayn: The part about marrying and having children! I've always believed, rather firmly, that marriage is something between two people who love one another.\nLinhardt: I like you well enough to advance a field of study to previously unknown heights. How do you feel?\nFlayn: This is the first I've heard of such a thing from you!\nLinhardt: Do you imagine I've spent all this time talking to you because I was bored? Anyway, I'm pretty worn out now, so let's continue this conversation another time, yes?\nFlayn: Does conversing with me tire you out so much?\nLinhardt: Talking to anybody tires me out. Thinking, putting thoughts into words, opening my mouth—all tiring. Do give some thought to my proposal. Think of how far we could advance Crest research, you and I.\nFlayn: Experimental marriage and children? He likes me? I don't understand. I don't understand at all._null_null_null_
18_39_Sylvain: Hey there, Flayn. I thought I'd drop by and see if you'd care for a...\nFlayn: Now just a moment, Sylvain. If you must speak with me, I implore you to do so from where you stand. My apologies if this comes across as rude, but please do not come any closer to me.\nSylvain: Excuse me?\nFlayn: I am sorry— my brother has explicitly warned me not to go near you.\nSylvain: Seteth said that? I bet he also told you a woman who comes too close to me is... How does he say it? Doomed to misfortune...\nFlayn: He used those very words! Is it true, then?\nSylvain: Come on. He's just messing with you, obviously.\nFlayn: Of course I would prefer to believe that, but no one can never know for certain. Particularly when similar stories are constantly in circulation about you. I have heard that men and women alike have been seduced by your nefarious ways.\nSylvain: I hate to suggest my talents are being oversold, but...\nFlayn: I have heard you toy with people's emotions, like a cat toys with its prey.\nSylvain: Do I really look like such a villain to you?\nFlayn: Well, perhaps not. You do not strike me as much of a charmer.\nSylvain: When you put it like that, I feel like I should defend— Eh, forget it. Let's get to the actual point.\nFlayn: Did I not tell you, Sylvain?! Stay away from me!\nSylvain: It's kind of awkward talking from so far away. Can I please step just a little...\nFlayn: Truly, there are countless terrible stories of your behavior. I've heard that you panic when there aren't women around to flirt with. That's you've gone as far as flirting with horses and even chickens!\nSylvain: Oh, come on! Who would even... You should know that your brother has an overactive imagination.\nFlayn: I would like to believe that you are a sincere and reputable person, Sylvain. But there is no smoke without fire, or so the saying goes.\nSylvain: I may not be the most respectable fella you'll ever meet, but...\nFlayn: Until I can be certain, please refrain from coming too close to me. Now if you will excuse me, I must be on my way.\n(Flayn leaves)\n\nSylvain: Flayn! Wait! Come back! ...And she's gone. All I was trying to do was deliver a message. Flayn! Hey! The professor said we need to come to the cathedral! I'll run really far ahead so you don't have to walk near me! There. I tried telling her. The professor can't be mad about that._Flayn: Sylvain...\nSylvain: Hi! Why do you look so down? But hey, if you're talking to me of your own accord... Can I assume you've figured out I'm not a monster?\nFlayn: I wanted to apologize about my treatment of you earlier, Sylvain. I am not normally one to put stock in such rumors...\nSylvain: Nothing to be upset about. I mean, I've kind of earned that reputation. I've just...I've got this sickness. When I see a pretty girl, I can't stop myself from flirting with her. Like you, for instance...\nFlayn: Oh, I am so sorry to hear of your illness! Perhaps my magic will help heal you.\nSylvain: Huh? No, I didn't mean it like that...\nFlayn: No? Are you not ill, then?\nSylvain: You know what? Let's just... Let's move on. Can I take this to mean everything is good between us?\nFlayn: Of course. Sylvain, I look forward to getting to know you without the falsity of rumors.\nSylvain: Great! Would you like to celebrate our new friendship by joining me for a meal?\nFlayn: You would treat me to a feast? That is very kind of you.\nSylvain: A chance to spent time with a sweet girl like yourself? It's a pleasure. Your voice is like birdsong, your eyes clear as diamonds, but above all... I'm drawn to your kind and loving heart. I am a captive to your charms, Flayn.\nFlayn: I hear that very frequently. Thank you.\nSylvain: Yeah, I... I guess a girl as cute as you would get a lot of compliments.\nFlayn: Anyway, what type of a meal were you considering, Sylvain? I would love some seafood, followed by a delicious cake! Oh, I am absolutely famished, as I often am. Shall we be on our way?\n(Flayn leaves)\n\nSylvain: Ha, she's a tough one. Sheltered girls like her usually fall for that kind of stuff. But she's much too savvy...even for a smooth talker like myself._null_null_null_null_
18_35_Flayn: Yet another lovely day! On such a fine day as this, it would certainly be nice to go for a stroll with someone. I wonder if anyone is around... Oh, my... Such... awful noises! Who— or rather— what is making those sounds?\nRaphael: Huh? Oh, hello, Flayn!\nFlayn: Eep!\n(Scene transition)\n\nFlayn: M-my apologies. I feel a bit better now...\nRaphael: Oh, you scared me! You nearly knocked me over with that scream!\nFlayn: You startled me— appearing out of nowhere and making such sounds! What is it you are doing here, anyway?\nRaphael: I'm just out here using logs to train!\nFlayn: Wow! Are you really capable of lifting something so massive, Raphael?\nRaphael: Of course! Wanna see? Hrrnnggh! Yrrrraaah! See? Told you I could do it.\nFlayn: That was magnificent! Do you suppose I could give it a try as well?\nRaphael: Hmm. It might be a bit too much for your tiny arms.\nFlayn: Tiny or no, I want to be stronger. Do you have any tips for someone both willing and eager to grow?\nRaphael: It's probably best to start by practicing your battle cry. If you let out a good shout, you'll feel even more powerful!\nFlayn: Ah, you are a font of knowledge! Can you apply your wisdom and show me by example?\nRaphael: No problem. Just follow my lead! Yaaah! Hrrrraaagh!\nFlayn: Yah! Hragh!\nRaphael: Ooorraaah! Nggghaaarh!\nFlayn: Oorah! Ngharh!\nRaphael: ...\nFlayn: How did I fare? Do I look stronger now?\nRaphael: Umm. Heh...\nFlayn: It's working! I knew this would help!_Flayn: Hello, Raphael! Are you well? Any chance you might be training today?\nRaphael: Of course! My muscles are always ready to train!\nFlayn: I imagine so! Mind if I tag along? I have been practicing my battle cries — I believe you shall notice a marked improvement! Raaaah! Yaaaah!\nRaphael: Wow! That sounds much better than last time! But try doing it more like this. Urraaaggh! Hrraaah!\nFlayn: Oh, hearing it anew is positively invigorating! I have much training ahead if I am to be as strong as you.\nRaphael: Try not to strain yourself. You've got smarts, so you shouldn't need to have to worry about your muscles.\nFlayn: I won't be satisfied until my body is as strong as my mind! As my body is so frail, my brother is endlessly worrying over me.\nRaphael: I know what that's like. I have a little sister too. I always worry about her, even when it's something small, like catching a cold.\nFlayn: Then surely you understand. I want to give my brother peace of mind. If I don't get stronger, I won't be able to do all the things I wish to do. But I'm quite enjoying this! I have never shouted so loudly in all my life! Each time I allow myself to let go in such a way, I feel invigorated!\nRaphael: Well, if you're having fun, I'm not gonna stop you! Go on and shout as much as you want! Give it all you've got and make your brother proud.\nFlayn: Just you wait — I've only just begun!\nRaphael: All right! Gather all your energy deep in your gut and get ready to shout!\nFlayn: Kyaaaa! Raaaaah!_Flayn: Wraaagh! Urraaaaah!\nRaphael: Whoouugh! Hurrghaaah!\nFlayn: Urrhaaaaaa! Hyuuuuurgh!\nRaphael: Rraaagh! Hiiiyyaaah!\nRaphael: Nice work! Here you go. Drink up!\nFlayn: Ah, thank you. This water tastes absolutely divine.\nRaphael: Your shouts are really coming from the gut now. I bet you're getting stronger too!\nFlayn: I'm not so sure I'm stronger, but somehow, when I shout, I'm able to move more books than normal. Although my brother becomes very anxious anytime he hears me shouting. I do suppose my body feels a bit sturdier now though! I'm so very grateful to you, Raphael.\nRaphael: Oh, no, thank you! I'm just happy to have someone to shout with.\nFlayn: But... doesn't all this shouting keep you from your precious workout regimen?\nRaphael: Nah. Don't worry about that. I think I'm in better shape now than I was before! My muscles work overtime when they hear you shouting so close to me!\nFlayn: Isn't that wonderful! Come along, Raphael's muscles — we can do this! It is my wish that someday, I'll be able to list a log all on my own with these arms of mine.\nRaphael: I'm sure they will! I used to think you were a lost cause, but look at you now! If you really wanna get there, you gotta start training your muscles while we shout, all right? You've already got big brains, but if we can get you big muscles too, you're gonna be invincible!\nFlayn: Invincible! I like the sound of that!\nFlayn: Wraaagh! Urraaaaah!\nRaphael: Whouugh! Hurrghaaah!\nFlayn: Urrhaaaaa! Hyuuuuuurgh!\nRaphael: Rraaagh! Hiiyaaah!_null_null_null_
18_24_Flayn: Oh!\nIgnatz: Ngh... Flayn! I'm so sorry! Are you hurt?\nFlayn: No. No need for concern. I am quite all right.\nIgnatz: Are you sure you're all right? Are you injured?\nFlayn: No, nothing of the sort. I just got a bit dizzy, standing up so quickly.\nIgnatz: We should go to the infirmary. Come on, I can take you there.\nFlayn: Come now — I appreciate the concern, but I am quite all right? Look, I am perfectly fine now. See?\nIgnatz: ...\nFlayn: Ignatz?\nIgnatz: ...\nFlayn: Are you...there?\nIgnatz: Uh, yes! I'm sorry, did you say something?\nFlayn: Mmhmmm, I understand now.\nIgnatz: Understand what?\nFlayn: Though I know little regarding affairs of the heart, even I can clearly see one's intent when they stare so much. I am sorry, but at the moment, I am not looking for... Well...\nIgnatz: Oh! No! No, no, no! You misunderstood! I just...\nFlayn: You just? Just what? What is it?\nIgnatz: I'm just...fascinated. By you.\nFlayn: Fascinated? By me?\nIgnatz: Yes. Your gaze, full of divine dignity. Your silhouette, as elegant as a statue. If Saint Cethleann herself were reborn, you would look no less wondrous than she.\nFlayn: I see.\nIgnatz: I'm sorry! So sorry! I don't know what came over me, saying something like that.\nFlayn: No, not at all. Tell me... What are your thoughts on Saint Cethleann, exactly?\nIgnatz: Uh... Well, from the few accounts that I've heard, she was a beauty, and her kindness was inexhaustible.\nFlayn: Very good! As a reward, I shall not report your behavior to my brother... This time.\nIgnatz: Yes, I'd be most grateful if you didn't. I can hardly imagine what Seteth would do if he found out.\nFlayn: Well then, farewell. Perhaps we will have another chance to chat later.\nIgnatz: She seemed awfully pleased, didn't she? Hmm..._Ignatz: Hmm... Nothing here.\nFlayn: What are you doing?\nIgnatz: Oh, Flayn! I've just been researching the exploits of Saint Cethleann.\nFlayn: And why is it you're doing that, precisely?\nIgnatz: Well, painting is a hobby of mine, and I thought I might like to capture her likeness.\nFlayn: Well! How lovely! But how is researching her exploits necessary for painting?\nIgnatz: If I wanted to use a statue of Saint Cethleann for my reference, it wouldn't be necessary. But that's not that I want. I want to paint Saint Cethleann herself, looking exactly as she did when she was alive. And if I don't know anything about who she was on the inside, the image won't be true to life. So I wanted to find some hints about who she was, and that's why I've been researching her deeds.\nFlayn: Ah, so you were hoping to find out what type of girl she was?\nIgnatz: Girl? Interesting way of putting it. But, yes. More or less.\nFlayn: I see! Yes, yes, it is all quite clear to me now.\nIgnatz: Uh. What's happening?\nFlayn: OK then. Allow me to share with you what I know of Cethleann's deeds!\n(Flayn clears her throat)\n\nFlayn: Long ago, in a world ravaged by war, Cethleann led a secluded life with her father, Cichol. One day, they met Saint Seiros, who was grieved by the chaos and destruction of war. And so, the three decided to join forces.\nIgnatz: Huh? But I thought the saints gathered following a revelation from the goddess.\nFlayn: At the Battle of Tailtean, they fought against the 10 Elites led by Nemesis, who sought to conquer the whole world... Cethleann tended to her allies on the field of battle, until she exhausted all her strength. Then, she fell into a long slumber.\nIgnatz: But according to legend, she used her miraculous powers to heal all of the wounded...\nFlayn: Interesting story, is it not? Have you perhaps learned something new about Cethleann?\nIgnatz: Having heard all that, I'd say she seems... incredible.\nFlayn: Incredible?! Well! I haven't heard that before. I feel certain you and I will be fast friends. Let us talk again soon!\nIgnatz: Huh. Who knew Flayn was such an expert on Cethleann?_Ignatz: Flayn! Excuse me, quick question. Can I paint you?\nFlayn: Oh, hello, Ignatz. What an unexpected surprise.\nIgnatz: I'd like to paint your portrait, Flayn. For some reason, whenever I try to visualize Saint Cethleann, I think of you.\nFlayn: No wonder I've repeatedly felt someone's eyes boring holes into the back of my head lately. You're quite lucky my brother hasn't noticed. It would be wise to back away from me, before he does. Although... I shall agree to your request, on the understanding that you paint me to be more illustrious than Saint Cethleann.\nIgnatz: \"More illustrious\" than the statue? Surely you mean, \"as illustrious\".\nFlayn: Am I not the more illustrious — the more breathtaking?\nIgnatz: Well, true, you are a sight to behold. Though I'm not sure about the competitive tenor of that question. I'd expect you, as an admirer of Saint Cethleann, to speak more... admiringly?\nFlayn: An admirer, hm? You say such funny things.\nIgnatz: ...\nFlayn: Now then, would you like me to pose? I have many ideas up my sleeve!\nIgnatz: A pose? Ah, no, no need. You can just sit down.\nFlayn: Are you certain about that? It sounds rather... dull. How long will it take you?\nIgnatz: A few days, I'd imagine. But that's OK. You can just come by wherever you have time. Oh, and, if you don't mind, could you tell me some more stories about her? The stories you tell about Saint Cethleann are so much more vivid than the other legends I've heard. She seems so... impressive. So fierce. I can't help but admire her too.\nFlayn: Actually! I have changed my mind. No longer do you need to paint me as illustrious. Instead, paint me as... fierce!\nIgnatz: Uh, sure, I guess? I think \"cute\" might suit you a little better though.\nFlayn: Did you not just say that Saint Cethleann had an impressive and fierce was about her? Well, if that is the case, then I, too, would like to look fierce. You're welcome to paint me repeatedly until you get the expressiveness just right! Rather, you must paint me repeatedly until I am satisfied with the outcome.\nIgnatz: Um, I'm not sure I can ever produce a painting that completely satisfies you. But I'll try! I said I would, and I will not go back down on my word! Even if this painting takes me months. That wouldn't be a problem, would it?\nFlayn: Not at all! We are friends, aren't we? I am happy to help with a friend's request, even if it takes centuries to complete.\nIgnatz: Haha, thank you for that. Though I hope it doesn't take quite that long...._null_null_null_
18_37_Seteth: Flayn! There you are. I've been looking everywhere for you.\nFlayn: You worry too much, Brother.\nSeteth: I think a kidnapping is good cause for concern! I was so worried about you I nearly fainted.\nFlayn: Had that not happened, I would have never been allowed to join the professor's class. Even from something so dire, some good did come of it.\nSeteth: That is a dangerous attitude. This world is full of peril. You must be more vigilant! Please understand, I allowed you to enroll here only because I thought it best for your safety.\nFlayn: I am very much aware of that. You wanted to speak to me of something?\nSeteth: Yes, my dear little sister. You are kind beyond all measure, and you are the very picture of innocence. But, precisely because of these very fine qualities, I worry about your interactions with the others here. This year's students are... particularly eccentric. As your brother, it is my duty to help you with any concerns you may have.\n(Alternative, Seteth recruited) The youths of our army are...particularly eccentric. As your brother, it is my duty to help you with any concerns you may have.\nFlayn: I do appreciate the offer, but all the students and professors have treated me exceptionally well.\nSeteth: Even so, there must be at least some worry. Please, you need not conceal anything from me.\nFlayn: You worry far too much. There is truly nothing to share. And nothing for you to fret over!\nSeteth: Are you absolutely sure? The idea of you suffering in silence is unbearable to me.\nFlayn: Enough! I made it clear that nothing is wrong. I stand by my word. Well, there is one concern that comes to mind...\nSeteth: What is it? Tell me! I will help however I can!\nFlayn: There is a certain somebody who seems determined to get in the way of my friendships with my classmates.\nSeteth: What?! That's horrible! Fear not, I will handle this scoundrel for you. Just tell me his name.\nFlayn: It is you, Brother. Now then, I must be on my way.\n(Flayn leaves)\n\nSeteth: …\nSeteth: What was Flayn getting at just now? Let's see... I was speaking to her, I asked her to share her concerns, and... Was there something else? No matter. Fear not, Flayn. Your brother will protect you from all harm!_Flayn: Brother!\nSeteth: Flayn, is something the matter?\nFlayn: I thought I made it clear that I do not want you meddling in the affairs of me and my friends!\nSeteth: I am not quite sure what you are referring to. But I promise you, I would never try to stand in your way.\nFlayn: It has come to my attention that you have been running around asking people what they think of me. Asking everyone!\nSeteth: Well of course I have. It took me quite some time. But for you, it was well worth the effort. I was able to confirm that you are getting along well with everyone. It was very reassuring.\nFlayn: I cannot emphasize enough how embarrassed I was when I found out. And you have caused such a stir for those whom you questioned! Why, one person even said he feared for his life when you cornered him in the dining hall!\nSeteth: The dining hall? Ah, I know the fellow you are referring to. Yes... I have seen the way he looks at you. I recognized in an instant that he had impure feelings for you. As your brother, I took it upon myself to test his resolve. I nearly asked him if he was prepared to lay his life on the line for my beloved sister.\nFlayn: He is nothing more than a friend! Kindly keep out of my social business in the future.\nSeteth: I am happy to see that you are making friends. But you should weigh your options more carefully.\nFlayn: Who I befriend is absolutely none of your business! Do you know what they call people like you? Overprotective meddlers! I am no longer a child. Are you incapable of trusting me, even a little?\nSeteth: Of course I trust you. But, as an elder brother, I have a certain responsibility...\nFlayn: As my brother?\nSeteth: Obviously.\nFlayn: Oh, never mind it, if you'll excuse me.\n(Flayn leaves)\n\nSeteth: ..._Seteth: Flayn.\nFlayn: Here to pester me, Brother?\nSeteth: No, I think I'm the one who ought to be pestered.\nFlayn: Regardless of what I say to you, it is not as though it has any effect in reducing your worry over me.\nSeteth: That is true. No matter where you are, and no matter what you're doing, I will always worry. But that's only because I treasure you so very much. Please understand. I'm not trying to hurt you.\nFlayn: Of that I am well aware. I am touched that you care so deeply. When I think of it, it is my own fault that you have become so overprotective. I cannot blame you.\nSeteth: No. The fault is entirely mine. You were still so young. I placed far too much strain on you, and our lack of resources was no excuse. Worse, I failed to watch you during the battle. Your mother too. We...lost her because of me. Afterward, it broke my heart to see how much you would need to rest just to survive. I swore that I would dedicate every moment remaining in my life to your protection.\nFlayn: Ever since then, I have been afraid of falling asleep. My fear of sleeping is outmatched only by my fear of spending my life alone. Even if it cannot last, I want to live among my peers as one of them—as an ordinary person. Similar to how you and Mother coexisted with your own comrades back then, fighting side by side.\nSeteth: Quite right. I know you must leave the nest someday. No matter how many ages our lives may span, I know that's the way of it.\nFlayn: Father...\nSeteth: Don't.\nFlayn: Nobody is listening, Father. Let me address you as such just this once. I have valued the quiet days you and I have spent alone together. But I am no longer a child. Just as you and Mother met one another, and eventually I was brought into the world, I—\nSeteth: I know. Please, no more. No matter what happens, you're my daughter. It gives me great joy to see you grow. But please, at least until this war is over, let me continue to worry. You're the most precious person in my life. I can't bear the thought of losing you.\nFlayn: It seems I have no choice in the matter. I shall allow you to worry about me enough for yourself and Mother both. But only that much and no more, my dear father, Cichol.\nSeteth: Thank you, Cethleann._null_null_null_
18_31_Flayn: Hello, Professor Manuela! I wish you to know that I have heard ever so much about your talents.\nManuela: Whatever are you talking about, Flayn?\nFlayn: Singing! Why, you are...you are wonderfully skilled at it, are you not? Why, I have even overheard people saying your voice is akin to the singing of a goddess!\nManuela: It makes me happy to hear, but who told you that?\nFlayn: Oh, the students are always speaking of it. Which got me to thinking... I may be the only person in all of the academy who's never heard your beautiful voice in song. So...I was wondering, Manuela. Might you sing a little something for me?\nManuela: Your request is touching, but I can't perform on such short notice. My voice is an instrument and requires proper, gentle care. However, the stories are true. I was once the leader of the Mittelfrank Troupe. But that was a long time ago.\nFlayn: Middle... Frank? Um...what do those words mean, precisely?\nManuela: You've never heard of the Mittelfrank Troupe?\n(Part 1) It's the single most popular opera company in the Imperial capital! I used to sing on stage with them. I was the star, in fact.\n(Part 2) Before the war, it was the single most popular opera company in the Imperial capital! I used to sing on stage with them. I was the star, in fact.\nFlayn: Oh wow, in all of Enbarr? They must not have been around when I was living there...\nManuela: You used to live in Enbarr?\nFlayn: Indeed. Although, I was quite a bit younger at the time. It is where I was born, as a matter of fact.\nManuela: Ah, well, you must have been too young to hear about us.\nFlayn: Ah, yes, that could be! And...what, precisely, is the function of an opera troop?\nManuela: You don't know what an opera troupe is? Well... It's a group of performers, like myself, who act out stories on stage, in front of a big audience. Stories with lots of singing.\nFlayn: I-I understand now! I certainly have experience in the fine art of storytelling. There is often singing, as a part of story time for the children at the monastery.\nManuela: That is darling, Flayn. But I'm not sure it's quite the same thing as an opera. You see... Operas are performed in grand theaters, with orchestral accompaniment. Everyone attending wears their finest. It is a very special occasion.\nFlayn: Theaters, they're called? You mean to say that there are buildings exclusively used for...telling stories?\nManuela: You've never even heard of a theater? You're an intelligent girl, Flayn, and the world is full of wonders. You have a lot left to discover._Flayn: Hello, Manuela. I was just wondering—what was it like, back when you were involved with that opera troupe? Your life must have been quite different from how it is here, I imagine.\nManuela: My, how bold to ask an adult about their private life. I'll humor you though... A diva's life is only glamorous while she's on stage. The rest of her time is consumed by grueling training. Just days and days of practicing, beginning at sunrise, with barely a moment to rest from one performance to the next. Then, once the performances begin, you're on stage for three shows a day. Absolutely exhausting. Is that anything like you imagined?\nFlayn: It sounds like a world all its own. Thank you— I find the topic fascinating. What sort of roles did you tend to be cast in? As the lead performer, did you play the part of a princess much? Oh! I can only imagine how illustrious that would be!\nManuela: Yes, I was a princess once or twice. And it was quite something, let me tell you. All those royal jewels and flowing gowns... And they didn't just give me the pretty clothes to wear because I was beautiful, you know. I had to fight and claw my way into every role. But once I was there on stage, singing my solo, and all eyes were on me? It was worth it. I was rewarded for every one of my countless hours of practice. And the cheers when I finished a song! The applause! Oh, I can't properly explain it, but I can tell you it's an experience I will cherish until the day I die.\nFlayn: Wondrous. It all sounds so very glamorous. Despite how rigorous a schedule you kept, it sounds like the hard work was worth those fleeting moments on stage. Mine has always been a...quiet life. It is hard not to feel a twinge of envy, hearing such stories from you!\nManuela: There's a lot to be said for the quiet life. It was never for me, of course. Still...I hear it's a pretty good deal for a lot of other folks. The thing is, Flayn... Well... You always have to remind yourself that if a place shines brighter than anywhere else, its shadows will be darker too.\nFlayn: What... What do you mean?\nManuela: Heh, nothing. Nothing. It's a thing I hope you never come to understand. You know what? The next time you visit, I'll tell you all about the time I played a beautiful princess... and about the handsome prince she fell in love with!\nFlayn: Oh, please! I would love to hear all about it!_Flayn: Manuela, do you recall what you told me? You mentioned that \"if a place shines brighter than anywhere else, then its shadows will be darker too.\"\nManuela: You sound so worried. That was nothing, dear. Call it a joke.\nFlayn: It most certainly did not sound like a joke. Can you please elaborate? Of course, I love hearing about your glamorous past performing on stage. But all that glamor doesn't account for the shadows you spoke of.\nManuela: Well, I suppose I could share a little. Here's the thing about the opera. Talent isn't enough to earn you a position in a glamorous show. You need money, connections, and, failing those, the stomach to commit a spot of violence. I spent many nights buttering up nobles in power. No matter how humiliating the task, I'd do it. Because I wanted to be a star. I hope that kind of talk isn't too shocking for a sweet girl like yourself. Are you disillusioned with me now that you know my sordid past?\nFlayn: Not at all. Understanding you more deeply, I can see how much strength has been required of you all this time.\nManuela: Flayn...\nFlayn: I am well aware that survival and striving for dreams sometimes means doing things we would not normally do. Perhaps because you have been so strong-lived with such conviction... Perhaps that is why your songs have touched so many people's hearts.\nManuela: You sound very wise all of a sudden. Thank you, Flayn.\nFlayn: I would like to rescind my original request of you.\nManuela: Your request to hear one of my songs?\nFlayn: Indeed. Instead, I have a different request. I would like to see you perform an opera. On stage.\nManuela: I don't know about that. It's been a long time since I stood on stage. I imagine you have experienced much since you left the opera company.\nFlayn: It follows, then, that you have developed new insights, charm, and wisdom to share.\nManuela: Yes, I probably could play a tragic role even better now than I could back then. But it's hardly the time for operas. We need to put an end to this war first.\nFlayn: Agreed! Let us make the curtain fall on this war as soon as possible. Maybe then we can raise the curtain on a brand new performance! That'd be something, wouldn't it?\nManuela: That is exactly what I yearn for!_null_null_null_