20_41_Hanneman: Ah, Professor! Always a pleasure to see you. I wonder, might you have a moment to chat?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Why?\nChoice 2: What do you want?\nHanneman: Come now. You have no need to be on guard.\nHanneman: I'd never cause you harm. You're far too valuable a specim— Well, that is to say, too valuable a member of the academy staff. Indeed, the further my Crest research progresses, the closer you come to learning the truth of your heritage. Is it not so? When I learned you bore the lost Crest—the very Crest of Flames itself!—I set about learning everything I could about your past. What was the origin of your bloodline? How have the events of your life been shaped by your lineage? I became somewhat obsessed, I must admit.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: You investigated me?\nChoice 2: My past is my business.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: Nothing so crass as an investigation, no. I researched. I spoke to mercenaries whom you've worked with in the past to learn about your life before the academy.\nChoice 2 response: I promised not harm, remember? I merely reached out to mercenaries whom you've worked to understand your life before the academy.\nHanneman: Of course, I also contacted Jeralt and his mercenary friends. Your father does keep rather interesting company. I'm excited to share with you what I learned, but I do ask that you correct me if I am mistaken on any account. The story begins with Jeralt serving as captain of the Knights of Seiros... There was a woman at the monastery with whom Jeralt was quite close. At first, it seemed obvious this mystery woman was your mother. Alas, that cannot be the case. The timing is all wrong. As it was told to me, the woman in question passed away shortly before Jeralt left the monastery... Yet your birth occurred sometime later, while Jeralt was taking work as a mercenary. This, of course, presumes your age is accurately reported. If you were born sooner, well, the story would be quite different, would it not?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I don't know.\nChoice 2: My father was always one for secrets.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: It is intriguing though, yes? Why is your age so difficult to pin down?\nChoice 2 response: Oh, I am aware. You two were certainly enigmatic as far as mercenaries go.\nHanneman: For example, Jeralt never once spoke of his time serving as captain of the knights. That's quite a secret to keep for all those years. In the end, your old acquaintances had little definitive to say about either of you. However, they all agreed on one thing—your father, and yourself, were a strong pair. Warriors to be respected and feared. You, in particular. In fact, many came to know you as the Ashen Demon. They say you would destroy your enemies without a hint of emotion on your face. The mercenaries I spoke to revered you as a living legend of sorts.\nByleth: …\nHanneman: So, that is what I learned. And, I admit, it is barely more than I knew before. The next step in my research is to ask you blood for answers, and hope that it is more forthcoming than your past acquaintances._Hanneman: How are you doing, Professor? Would you care to join me for a cup of tea?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: OK.\nChoice 2: Sure.\nHanneman: It occurs to me that, whenever we chat, I have a tendency to pester you with my questions and theories about your history... It seems only fair to speak on the topic of myself for once. And perhaps you might feel more positive inclined toward my research, if I shared my own story.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: So, you just want me to help with your research.\nChoice 2: You have my attention.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: Not at all. I am quite honest in my motivations.\nChoice 2 response: I am quite pleased to hear you're interested. Yes, quite pleased.\nHanneman: Well... I suppose I should begin at the beginning, eh? I was born into a noble house of the Empire. Not a large house, mind you. But noble all the same. Our land holdings were small, but our bloodline was quite strong. So, you can imagine, there were many of us in the family who carried the power of Crests. I, myself, bear a minor Crest. Our family's abundance of Crests may be part of the reason I've been interested in the topic since I was just a boy. I dedicated myself to my studies, and after years of effort, I became lead Crest scholar at the Empire's largest research institution.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Why come to Garreg Mach?\nChoice 2: You gave that up? To come here?\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: I had only Imperial blood, and thus Imperial Crests, at my disposal in the Empire.\nChoice 2 response: My research is more important than social standing in the Empire. There I had only Imperial blood, and thus Imperial Crests, at hand.\nHanneman: So I came to Garreg Mach and devoted myself to my research during my time as a professor. My progress is slow, but with each revelation, I move ever closer to the answers I have sought for decades. Your cooperation as the bearer of the Crest of Flames ensures my research will continue to advance. In fact, it may bring me ever closer to the goal of uncovering everything there is to know about Crests. I do hope you shall continue helping me advance in this field of study.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: OK.\nChoice 2: If you insist...\nHanneman: Together, we will solve the mystery of your Crest of Flames, and our world will be the better for it. Shall we proceed? My lab instruments are fully prepared. I have a great number of tests I am excited to carry out... No, no, don't worry. They won't hurt a bit._Hanneman: Which means that there are some elements of your power that cannot be explained by current theory. Although this may lead to a discovery that alters the very fabric of Crest research... Oh, pardon me, Professor. I became lost in thought and I do tend to ramble. I suggest we call it a day. Do you concur?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I'm fine to keep talking.\nChoice 2: I'm getting tired.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: No, no, you mustn't push yourself too hard. When you're not in battle, you are so often here with me. I get so energized speaking with you, well, I must remember to pull my heard out of the clouds...\nChoice 2 response: It seems that I have gotten carried away again. My apologies. I know that you are quite busy. I become so energized around you. When we get deep into the research, why, I feel 20 years younger!\nHanneman: That said, perhaps we should discuss things unrelated to Crests from time to time. Some sort of silly, light-hearted topic might be nice, eh?\nByleth: Do you have one in mind?\nHanneman: I'm not especially skilled at small talk, alas. Let me see... Perhaps we should discuss... Hmm... I know! Food! Not my strong suit, the culinary arts, but I do enjoy a good meal! Which kind of food do you prefer, Professor? Sweet or spicy?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Sweet.\nChoice 2: Spicy.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: Same as myself! Yes, indeed... Oh, now my stomach is growling.\nChoice 2 response: Spicy? Quite the opposite of me. Yet you're an exception in lots of ways, so it's not altogether surprising...\nHanneman: An old colleague of mine theorized that those who bear Crests favor sweet flavors over spicy. She suggested that the Crest exerts some manner of influence over... Oh, there I go again. How embarrassing. We were supposed to be avoiding talk of Crests, weren't we? Terrible habit of mine, finding a way to turn any conversation towards Crests. I really should find a way to stop that.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: It's OK.\nChoice 2: We can talk more about Crests.\nHanneman: That is kind of you, Professor, but it's all right. If you were to lose your patience with me, it could have an incalculable impact on my research. That sort of thing has happened in the past, you know. Back when I was still in the Empire... At first, any lady I was spending time with would titter and say she didn't mind if I talked about Crests. But, at some point, she would always become fed up and stop listening to what i had to say. In the end — invariably while I was particularly focused on my research — she would write to say we were done. You may be a man, but I still don't wish for you to grow tired of my company.\n_null_null_null_
20_42_Hanneman: Ah, Professor! Always a pleasure to see you. I wonder, might you have a moment to chat?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Why?\nChoice 2: What do you want?\nHanneman: Come now. You have no need to be on guard.\nHanneman: I'd never cause you harm. You're far too valuable a specim— Well, that is to say, too valuable a member of the academy staff. Indeed, the further my Crest research progresses, the closer you come to learning the truth of your heritage. Is it not so? When I learned you bore the lost Crest—the very Crest of Flames itself!—I set about learning everything I could about your past. What was the origin of your bloodline? How have the events of your life been shaped by your lineage? I became somewhat obsessed, I must admit.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: You investigated me?\nChoice 2: My past is my business.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: Nothing so crass as an investigation, no. I researched. I spoke to mercenaries whom you've worked with in the past to learn about your life before the academy.\nChoice 2 response: I promised not harm, remember? I merely reached out to mercenaries whom you've worked to understand your life before the academy.\nHanneman: Of course, I also contacted Jeralt and his mercenary friends. Your father does keep rather interesting company. I'm excited to share with you what I learned, but I do ask that you correct me if I am mistaken on any account. The story begins with Jeralt serving as captain of the Knights of Seiros... There was a woman at the monastery with whom Jeralt was quite close. At first, it seemed obvious this mystery woman was your mother. Alas, that cannot be the case. The timing is all wrong. As it was told to me, the woman in question passed away shortly before Jeralt left the monastery... Yet your birth occurred sometime later, while Jeralt was taking work as a mercenary. This, of course, presumes your age is accurately reported. If you were born sooner, well, the story would be quite different, would it not?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I don't know.\nChoice 2: My father was always one for secrets.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: It is intriguing though, yes? Why is your age so difficult to pin down?\nChoice 2 response: Oh, I am aware. You two were certainly enigmatic as far as mercenaries go.\nHanneman: For example, Jeralt never once spoke of his time serving as captain of the knights. That's quite a secret to keep for all those years. In the end, your old acquaintances had little definitive to say about either of you. However, they all agreed on one thing—your father, and yourself, were a strong pair. Warriors to be respected and feared. You, in particular. In fact, many came to know you as the Ashen Demon. They say you would destroy your enemies without a hint of emotion on your face. The mercenaries I spoke to revered you as a living legend of sorts.\nByleth: …\nHanneman: So, that is what I learned. And, I admit, it is barely more than I knew before. The next step in my research is to ask you blood for answers, and hope that it is more forthcoming than your past acquaintances._Hanneman: How are you doing, Professor? Would you care to join me for a cup of tea?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: OK.\nChoice 2: Sure.\nHanneman: It occurs to me that, whenever we chat, I have a tendency to pester you with my questions and theories about your history... It seems only fair to speak on the topic of myself for once. And perhaps you might feel more positive inclined toward my research, if I shared my own story.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: So, you just want me to help with your research.\nChoice 2: You have my attention.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: Not at all. I am quite honest in my motivations.\nChoice 2 response: I am quite pleased to hear you're interested. Yes, quite pleased.\nHanneman: Well... I suppose I should begin at the beginning, eh? I was born into a noble house of the Empire. Not a large house, mind you. But noble all the same. Our land holdings were small, but our bloodline was quite strong. So, you can imagine, there were many of us in the family who carried the power of Crests. I, myself, bear a minor Crest. Our family's abundance of Crests may be part of the reason I've been interested in the topic since I was just a boy. I dedicated myself to my studies, and after years of effort, I became lead Crest scholar at the Empire's largest research institution.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Why come to Garreg Mach?\nChoice 2: You gave that up? To come here?\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: I had only Imperial blood, and thus Imperial Crests, at my disposal in the Empire.\nChoice 2 response: My research is more important than social standing in the Empire. There I had only Imperial blood, and thus Imperial Crests, at hand.\nHanneman: So I came to Garreg Mach and devoted myself to my research during my time as a professor. My progress is slow, but with each revelation, I move ever closer to the answers I have sought for decades. Your cooperation as the bearer of the Crest of Flames ensures my research will continue to advance. In fact, it may bring me ever closer to the goal of uncovering everything there is to know about Crests. I do hope you shall continue helping me advance in this field of study.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: OK.\nChoice 2: If you insist...\nHanneman: Together, we will solve the mystery of your Crest of Flames, and our world will be the better for it. Shall we proceed? My lab instruments are fully prepared. I have a great number of tests I am excited to carry out... No, no, don't worry. They won't hurt a bit._Hanneman: Which means that there are some elements of your power that cannot be explained by current theory. Although this may lead to a discovery that alters the very fabric of Crest research... Oh, pardon me, Professor. I became lost in thought and I do tend to ramble. I suggest we call it a day. Do you concur?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I'm fine to keep talking.\nChoice 2: I'm getting tired.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: No, no, you mustn't push yourself too hard. When you're not in battle, you are so often here with me. I get so energized speaking with you, well, I must remember to pull my heard out of the clouds...\nChoice 2 response: It seems that I have gotten carried away again. My apologies. I know that you are quite busy. I become so energized around you. When we get deep into the research, why, I feel 20 years younger!\nHanneman: That said, perhaps we should discuss things unrelated to Crests from time to time. Some sort of silly, light-hearted topic might be nice, eh?\nByleth: Do you have one in mind?\nHanneman: I'm not especially skilled at small talk, alas. Let me see... Perhaps we should discuss... Hmm... I know! Food! Not my strong suit, the culinary arts, but I do enjoy a good meal! Which kind of food do you prefer, Professor? Sweet or spicy?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Sweet.\nChoice 2: Spicy.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: Same as myself! Yes, indeed... Oh, now my stomach is growling.\nChoice 2 response: Spicy? Quite the opposite of me. Yet you're an exception in lots of ways, so it's not altogether surprising...\nHanneman: An old colleague of mine theorized that those who bear Crests favor sweet flavors over spicy. She suggested that the Crest exerts some manner of influence over... Oh, there I go again. How embarrassing. We were supposed to be avoiding talk of Crests, weren't we? Terrible habit of mine, finding a way to turn any conversation towards Crests. I really should find a way to stop that.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: It's OK.\nChoice 2: We can talk more about Crests.\nHanneman: That is kind of you, Professor, but it's all right. If you were to lose your patience with me, it could have an incalculable impact on my research. That sort of thing has happened in the past, you know. Back when I was still in the Empire... At first, any lady I was spending time with would titter and say she didn't mind if I talked about Crests. But, at some point, she would always become fed up and stop listening to what i had to say. In the end — invariably while I was particularly focused on my research — she would write to say we were done. I will do everything I can to keep that from happening this time._null_null_Hanneman: So falls the curtain on our time of war. Though I suppose one can never say all is over and done... You have much still to do, and I have miles to go before I achieve my own dreams. We both have many hardships in store for us, don't you think?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Yes\nChoice 2: Maybe not that many.\nHanneman: Indeed. Well, that talk aside, I have a bit of a proposition for you. I believe it is better to travel the path through life with someone else, rather than go forward alone. And you are indispensable to my research... No, thats not the full truth. Yes, you are indispensable to my research, but also to my life. Altogether, I mean. I haven't any idea how to treat a woman properly. And so, I've long thought I would spend my life alone. But then, well... I met you. And I want to share everything with you. If you happen to feel the same way, er, well, that is to say... Would you accept this ring?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I've been waiting for this.\nChoice 2: I'm ready.\nHanneman:\nChoice 1 response: Did I make you wait? Now, there is an unexpected development! My goodness. Well, since the feelings are mutual... I suppose there's no need to hold ourselves back any longer. Don't you agree? If so, I say we begin the next phase of our research. I wish to learn everything about you.\nChoice 2 response: Ready? No, no. There's no need to be ready. I'm not planning any tests. I don't want the power of your Crest — I want you. First things first, I'd like to do a thorough study.\nHanneman: And in return... perhaps you would care to learn all there is to know about me. I've never been the subject of someone else's research before, but I am open to the prospect. I can think of no one more suitable for the task... than the woman I love. The future... Ah, I mean our future. It offers quite a lot to look forward to. I can't wait to see the results of this new undertaking.
20_23_Hanneman: Hubert, my boy. It's rather rare for the two of us to see one another with no one else around, isn't it?\nHubert: Yes, I believe it is.\nHanneman: I was good friends with your father, you know. Perhaps this is fate, eh? Of course, when I left the Empire, I broke off my friendship with him...and, well, everyone else.\nHubert: You were right to sever ties with such a miserable piece of filth.\nHanneman: Sharp words, Hubert. Contemptible though your father may be, he is still your father.\nHubert: Don't overcomplicate it. I will not forgive him. Ever. Contemptible is just the right word for the wretch. Do you truly know what kind of man my father is?\nHanneman: I assume you're talking about the Insurrection of the Seven. At the time, I was already at Garreg Mach. I know nothing more than hearsay. That said, I found it hard to believe that Lord Vestra would challenge the emperor like that.\nHubert: Yet that's exactly what he did. Since the dawn of the Adrestian Empire, House Vestra has served House Hresvelg as the emperor's right hand. My father spat on a legacy of loyalty and devotion that had lasted 1,000 years. He conspired with the ministers to usurp power from the emperor. And Lady Edelgard...\nHanneman: In your father's defense, the emperor was attempting to take power from the Seven Houses. The emperor's reform was an attempt to concentrate power in the hands of the throne. The nobles...put a stop to that. Emperor Ionius lost the ensuing power struggle.\nHubert: Now it is the nobles' turn to suffer defeat. Lady Edelgard will be emperor.\nHanneman: You hope she can cease this never-ending conflict? That's quite a goal, Hubert..._Hubert: I must thank you for leading your expertise to the aid of Her Majesty, Hanneman.\nHanneman: Your gratitude is wasted on me, Hubert. I choose this situation entirely because it benefits me. I could carry out my research anywhere, of course, but that is, as they say, beside the point.\nHubert: Is that so?\nHanneman: Hubert. There's something I want to tell you. Will you hear me out?\nHubert: Depends on what it is.\nHanneman: It concerns your father.\nHubert: Then, no. Absolutely not.\nHanneman: Oh, by all means, cover your ears and run out of the room. I'll still speak the words, for I feel that I must. Your father, the Marquis of Vestra—well rather, the former Marquis of Vestra—was a selfless man. He was practical and never sought power for the sake of power. In that respect, you and he are rather alike. Do you think such a man would so easily betray his emperor, even if led astray by the prime minister?\nHubert: Clearly, yes. That's exactly what he did. He played a large part in the assault on the palace. Personally spearheaded the emperor's capture. The thought of those treacherous arms reaching out for Her Majesty... It is truly upsetting.\nHanneman: Agreed. Facts are facts. The palace walls are stuffed with countless truths, all of them concealed by the stones and mortar of fact. I hoped you would have the capacity to see the unfettered truth. But I fear that where your father is concerned, your eyes may see only what you wish them to see.\nHubert: I'll take that under advisement.\nHanneman: Feel free to ignore me. I know full well I have my own blind spots. It's just... I believe your father had something he was trying to protect. Bearing a stain on his honor, being purged by his own son... All in the name of protection. I speak from knowledge, as someone who failed to protect something I held dear.\nHubert: Let's say you're right. Suppose he did it to protect something he cared about. Doesn't matter. Doesn't change his actions or my judgement of them. My father was a traitor to House Hresvelg and he deserved what he got. That was me protecting something I care about.\nHanneman: Ah, I can see the right of that. You have chosen your own path, Hubert. Continue protecting what you wish to protect, and I shall support you from the bottom of my heart._null_null_null_null_
20_28_Linhardt: …\nHanneman: Ah, Linhardt. Reading as studiously as ever, I see. Anything to do with Crests?\nLinhardt: Hello, Professor Hanneman. Actually, this book's about fishing.\nHanneman: I didn't realize you were interested in fishing. What an unexpected discovery. I had heard that you were only interested in Crests, to the exclusion of all else. As it were, I had rather thought I could train you as my successor, should we get to know one another better.\nLinhardt: I'm sorry to betray your expectations. Truth be told, I've been thinking of giving up on my Crest research.\nHanneman: What?! Whatever for? don't tell me you believe fishing to be a more worthwhile pursuit!\nLinhardt: No, it's nothing to do with fishing. I adore the subject of Crests. But to study them, you have to consult the people who bear them, right? I just don't have the energy for that.\nHanneman: It is an unavoidable hardship, I admit. But the satisfaction of making a real breakthrough is second to none!\nLinhardt: I'm sure the satisfaction of catching a fish is pretty great too.\nHanneman: Consider this, child. Luring fish from the depths pales in comparison to untangling the mysteries of a Crest. Why? It all comes down to purpose. Purpose, I say!\nLinhardt: Calm down. I get it. Really.\nHanneman: Evidently, you do not. You must have something to work toward in life. The ultimate goal of fishing is to eat the fish. The goal of solving the mysteries of Crests is... Well, you must find that for yourself. What do you hope to uncover once everything is finally explained? What motivates you to keep digging deeper?\nLinhardt: I... had never thought about it like that. Perhaps if I did have a goal, I might share your enthusiasm on the subject._Linhardt: Professor Hanneman, do you have a moment?\nHanneman: Linhardt! Of course.\nLinhardt: Last time we talked, you mentioned the importance of having goals. I gave it some thought, and in the end, I couldn’t find one.\nHanneman: Hmm… Well, no need to panic. Sometimes, a goal can reveal itself to you without warning.\nLinhardt: What’s your goal, if you don’t mind me asking?\nHanneman: Oh, mine? I want to create a world where everyone can access the power of Crests. Where no one has to suffer from having or not having that power.\nLinhardt: Huh. That’s a pretty big dream… But then wouldn’t you end up studying everyone? In that world, you’d be killing yourself trying to do research on every person alive.\nHanneman: Ah, you may be right. But at least then, we wouldn’t be the only ones taking such pains. The more people who have Crests, the more people who will do research. And with more students, the research will progress far faster than it is today. That also means there would be less of the back-and-forth you don’t have the energy for, which should make you happy.\nLinhardt: Hmm, maybe so.\nHanneman: Does that still do nothing to pique your interest?\nLinhardt: To be brutally honest… It would be way less exhausting but less satisfying as well. That’s like fishing at a market.\nHanneman: Hmm, so you at least understand that much. That is why I do research. If someone’s going to see results someday, then I want it to be me. That’s a thought that keeps me moving forward, even when it is difficult to do so.\nLinhardt: That sounds like enthusiasm. That’s not something I have. But if we worked together… I wonder if it would spark that enthusiasm.\nHanneman: Are you saying you would agree to study Crests with your old professor?\nLinhardt: In the end, I think it would probably be more interesting than fishing alone. I don’t even have anyone to show any big fish I catch.\nHanneman: As it were, I feel very much like someone who’s made a catch! But the future shall hold even greater things than that. That’s a promise._null_null_null_null_
20_30_Lysithea: Phew... That about wraps it up for today's training. No thanks to a certain distraction...\nHanneman: …\nLysithea: Professor Hanneman, I know you're there. It's extremely unsettling the way you're always staring like that.\nHanneman: Oh! My apologies, child. I was trying to remain inconspicuous, not wanting to interrupt.\nLysithea: Your half-hearted attempt to hide your weird staring only makes it weirder\nHanneman: Well, I must apologize. In the future, I shall do my staring out in the open.\nLysithea: That might ease the weirdness, but it will continue to be extremely unsettling.\nHanneman: I have no desire to disturb not to disquiet you... But you are a most exquisite subject for my Crest research. And you understand that the foundation of all research is observation.\nLysithea: I understand it well enough, and I'll do my best to ignore it, but in return...\nHanneman: In return, I will keep your secret. I have not spoken a word of your twin Crests, not even to the church. If they knew I was withholding such valuable information, I might be branded a traitor. But such matters are trivial to the future of Crestology!\nLysithea: Shhh! Don't talk so loudly about it out here in the open!\nHanneman: Pardon my excitement. I simply cannot let the opportunity to study such a miraculous subject go to waste.\nLysithea: These awful Crests may seem miraculous to you, but for me, they fall under the category of curse.\nHanneman: I hope one day you will share more about your tragic origins, whenever you have the time to recount it. Your tale may contain valuable information...\nLysithea: You are utterly lacking in empathy, you know that? Even if you spent your entire life \"observing\" me, you'd never understand my feelings and all I've been through. Now, if you'll excuse me.\n(Lysithea leaves.)\n\nHanneman: Ah, I fear I may have made a misstep. I have no desire to trouble her, yet my research..._Lysithea: Professor Hanneman, is this a good spot for this book?\nHanneman: That will do nicely, Lysithea. I'm sorry to trouble you with these chores.\nLysithea: It's no trouble. After all, it's proper etiquette for the young to help the elderly.\nHanneman: The elderly? I'm only—Never mind. How have you been feeling as of late? Anything worth mentioning?\nLysithea: I've been feeling well enough, all things considered.\nHanneman: You seem to be maturing remarkably. No doubt your well-being is due to the positive influence of your twin Crests working in tandem.\nLysithea: Here he goes with the \"positive\" again. Looks like your research is more useless than I thought.\nHanneman: I may ignore your assaults on my age, but I will not allow unfettered attacks upon my research. What makes you think it's lacking? Surely you do not deny that your Crest-related abilities exceed those of your peers. You are so far ahead of the others... Even the combined effects of the twin Crests you bear do not fully account for that discrepancy.\nLysithea: You just can't see beyond the Crests, can you? In all your research, haven't you considered that my abilities are a direct result of the effort I've put in?\nHanneman: Of course I am aware that you are a hardworking student, but...\nLysithea: My efforts far exceed those of any other student—I've placed top priority on growing as quickly as possible.\nHanneman: Is the ability to expend such incredible efforts, to be so focused, and driven... Is that not a form of talent?\nLysithea: It has nothing to do with talent! It's a question of sheer will. I'm determined to succeed, no matter the sacrifice.\nHanneman: I see... But what drives you to such lengths?\nLysithea: I have goals, just like anyone. And precious little time in which to achieve them.\nHanneman: Little time?\nLysithea: The people who made me as I am informed me that my life would be drastically shortened as a result.\nHanneman: …\nLysithea: A person bearing two Crests, against the will of nature itself... Well, clearly it can't be sustainable. As such, I don't indulge in the luxury of fantasizing about the future. I haven't got one. Knowing all this now, will you still claim that my Crests are something \"positive\"?\nHanneman: I... I cannot... Please understand... I had no idea.\nLysithea: I'll be leaving now.\nHanneman: Lysithea. So that is why you are..._Lysithea: Did you want something, Professor Hanneman?\nHanneman: Ah, Lysithea. Thank you for coming. First, I ask that you allow me to apologize. I fear I hurt you with my insensitive words. I have failed you, not as a researcher, but as a human being.\nLysithea: I'm the one who should apologize. I'm sorry for being rude to you. Anyway, I'll keep going along with your research. I have to be on my way now.\nHanneman: Please, Lysithea, a moment more? I did not call you here simply to apologize. I told you once that you were an exquisite subject for my Crest research. Why? Because there are no records of any other person ever having borne two Crests.\nLysithea: Correct.\nHanneman: We cannot say anything for certain about the makeup of your body. Therefore, it seems hasty to conclude that overcoming your shortened lifespan is an impossible feat.\nLysithea: What is it you're implying?\nHanneman: Lysithea. What is my field of study?\nLysithea: Crestology, of course.\nHanneman: Indeed. And the goal of my field is to unravel every single mystery Crests might conceal. Someday, I even hope to devise a means to bestow a Crest upon any who desires one.\nLysithea: Why would you want to do such a thing?\nHanneman: Because I despise this world in which the presence or absence of a Crest can determine a person's worth.\nLysithea: Huh...\nHanneman: However, if artificially implanting a Crest causes too great a toll on the subject, it would be useless. As such, reducing the strain of Crest on the human body is one of my research goals. Understanding how to implant a Crest might also lead to the knowledge of how to remove them, yes?\nLysithea: Do you think...removing a Crest could mean that they won't suffer from its effects any longer?\nHanneman: What I am trying to tell you is... The question of whether your lifespan can be restored is entirely within the scope of my research.\nLysithea: Do you... Could you really do that?\nHanneman: It is difficult to say for sure. But as long as the possibility exists, I will continue to seek it. Lysithea, let me ask you once more. Will you assist me in my research?\nLysithea: Professor Hanneman, I think I'm the one who should be asking for your help, really. Anyway, I'm sick of a Crest determining a person's worth too.\nHanneman: Ah, is that right?! Perhaps you would even like to begin studying Crestology yourself? I think you would make a fantastic apprentice. A life devoted to research is a noble life, you know!\nLysithea: If you do manage to restore my lifespan, I'd certainly think about it.\nHanneman: I will hold you to those words! Ah, I see a fine future ahead of us!_null_null_null_
20_32_Marianne: I should head back.\nHanneman: Finished with your training, Miss Marianne?\nMarianne: Oh! P-Professor Hanneman? Yes, I've just finished training for the day.\nHanneman: You have merely completed the exercises assigned to you, yes? Nothing more? Or am I wrong?\nMarianne: Yes. I'm sorry. I should have done more...\nHanneman: No, no please. You've done as you were asked. Quite solid work, child. I simply wish...to ask a question. You posses a Crest, do you not?\nMarianne: I, um...\nHanneman: When you entered the Officers Academy, your father submitted a request to the monastery...as well as a significant donation. Your father asked that your Crest not be confirmed. Under any circumstances. At first, I thought he did not want the world to know that his daughter bore no Crest. In your father's position as a newly-minted noble, it would be most advantageous for his daughter to possess a Crest, you see. However, I am now certain I was wrong. I believe you do, in fact, possess a Crest of some sort.\nMarianne: How did you find out?\nHanneman: I have been called the \"Father of Crestology,\" which is a bit of an ostentatious title, I admit. However... A brief period of observation allows me to hazard a usually accurate guess as to whether a body houses a Crest or not. With the knowledge of your father's actions, and my own observations, I come to you with a warning... As a Crest-bearer, you are guaranteed to have certain talents. It is prudent to study your Crest diligently to ensure the safe mastery of these talents, whatever they may prove to be.\nMarianne: No, no. I have no talents.\nHanneman: Oh yes, you do. No matter how hard you may try to hide it, my sight is keener than that. And what I see, others will eventually notice as well. Those who hold power must wield it in the service of their fellow man, Miss Marianne. I believe that is true whether you are peasant or noble, and doubly true, I would say, for those with Crest. Or do you think I'm wrong?\nMarianne: I...um...\nHanneman: On principle alone, it is a waste to allow a rare talent to remain dormant. I would very much like to advise you, to aid your understanding of your Crest. Will you accept my offer?\nMarianne: N-no! I refuse!\n(Marianne runs away)\n\nHanneman: That is regrettable... A veritable tragedy, Miss Marianne._Marianne: P-Professor Hanneman? You wanted to speak with me?\nHanneman: Miss Marianne, hello. Do pardon the mess. Please, have a seat.\nMarianne: Of course...\nHanneman: I have been puzzling over why your father would wish to conceal your Crest... And I have arrived at a conclusion. Would you like to hear it?\nMarianne: No, I...I would rather not.\nHanneman: Ah. Fair enough. Then I will keep it to myself. However, if my theory is correct... Well, then it is only natural for you, and your father, to try keeping your Crest a secret. That said, I feel I would be remiss if I didn't point out that I consider this decision a most grievous error.\nMarianne: I'm not sure what you mean...\nHanneman: Crests never manifest in someone unfit to bear them. Which means, Miss Marianne, you have the ability to make the most of your Crest because it is, by definition, your Crest.\nMarianne: I have no desire to make use of my Crest.\nHanneman: But it can be of service to you, and, I would venture to suggest, to the world at large.\nMarianne: Ever since I was born, that Crest has been nothing but a burden to me. My parents too.\nHanneman: Ah, that's right. I have heard that you were adopted. Did one of your birth parents also have that Crest?\nMarianne: Uh...yes. It was my father.\nHanneman: Then that Crest is evidence that you are your true father's daughter. Concealing it—hiding that truth from the world—is denying your true parentage, is it not?\nMarianne: I don't...\nHanneman: I'm not suggesting that you flaunt your Crest. That would be highly unnecessary. Possibly even dangerous. I simply wish you to accept who you are.\nMarianne: Accept it?\nHanneman: Accept the Crest, and allow its power to come forward, then it will open itself to you. Whatever the Crest may be, whatever its origin, or its nature, it can serve you. It is yours to command however you wish.\nMarianne: Mine?\nHanneman: Nobody can decide how to use your Crest, Miss Marianne. That choice is yours alone.\nMarianne: I will... Um... I will think about that._Marianne: Um... Professor Hanneman?\nHanneman: Why, hello, Miss Marianne. A visit from you is a rare pleasure indeed.\nMarianne: I, um... I wanted your opinion on something.\nHanneman: Oh, how intriguing. Whatever is on your mind?\nMarianne: I'm beginning to feel that I should...accept who I am. I thought it might be time to change my training regiment...to utilize my Crest. Even if just a little.\nHanneman: What a splendid thought. Quite exceptional! May I ask how it is you've reached this conclusion? I admit, I did not imagine my words would do much to sway you.\nMarianne: The truth is that I was already considering it before we spoke. All of my allies work relentlessly to achieve their goals, both on and off the battlefield. Seeing this, it occurred to me that I have nothing to work toward. I'm no use to anyone. If I could accept who I am, even a little, I might be able to change that. I was still considering, but after we spoke about it...well...\nHanneman: Well, indeed! So it seems my words resonated with you after all.\nMarianne: I'm sorry. I know I'm not the best at communicating. But it's true... Your words gave me a lot to think about. They helped me come to this decision. Whatever my Crest, it should serve me.\nHanneman: That's it! Exactly right, Miss Marianne!\nMarianne: That's not to say I've accepted it completely... But I refuse to continue living in fear of myself!\nHanneman: I have every confidence that you will succeed at drawing out your Crest's full strength. And I intend to help you at every step. If you'll have my help, that is.\nMarianne: Of course. Your knowledge is much appreciated._null_null_null_
20_37_Seteth: I know you are there, Hanneman.\nHanneman: Well, uh... Say, are those Crest documents? Ah, Seteth! Have you finally decided to cooperate with my research?!\nSeteth:\n(Part 1) Absolutely not. For 16 years, I have refused your requests. I have no intention of changing my mind.\n(Part 2) Absolutely not. For 21 years, I have refused your requests. I have no intention of changing my mind.\nSeteth: But I will lend you these documents I have found, on the condition that you stop following me.\nHanneman: I am quite tempted by the offer, but your cooperation would be of much greater value. Your Crest, the Major Crest of Cichol, is so rare. As far as I am aware, Seteth, you are the only person ever confirmed to bear that particular Crest. How did you come to possess it?\nSeteth: My answer is the same as every other time you have asked. I do not know. I was born a commoner, with no connections to any Crests. There are no records of my lineage.\nHanneman: Oh, please. That thin explanation could never discourage me! You must understand, I will dig until I find the truth. No matter how long it takes.\nSeteth: You are wasting your time. I cannot give you the answers you seek. Even if you were to discover the reason why I bear the Major Crest of Cichol, I doubt it would satisfy you.\nHanneman: That is for me alone to decide. And even if you are correct... That confirmation itself would be a valuable discovery. Such is the way of research, yes?\nSeteth: I am afraid I cannot attest to that. I am no scholar. In any case, if you really have no need for the documents, you will not mind if I dispose of them.\nHanneman: Let's not do anything hasty now! I will leave you alone—for now—but I am taking these documents with me! Once I complete my research on these papers, it'll be your turn, Seteth. I will learn the truth of your Crest!\nSeteth: It is a pointless endeavor. You will learn nothing from me, no matter how much you try.\nHanneman: Perhaps his stubborn nature is one of the effects of his Crest? Now that would be an interesting discovery... The first stage of my research will be to decipher his personality..._Hanneman: Good day to you, Seteth.\nSeteth: Persistent, aren't you? If this is about my Crest...\nHanneman: No, no. I thought we might speak of something else for a change.\nSeteth: Is that so?\nHanneman: Indeed. I am quite fond of conversation, even just for the sake of conversation. Just listen to an old man's worries, eh?\nSeteth: Very well. Go ahead.\nHanneman: Perhaps it's due to my age, but I've been troubled by lower back pain lately. Right now I'm in the process of finding a good way to treat it.\nSeteth: Ah... If it is an ointment you are after, I think Manuela would know more than me.\nHanneman: An excellent suggestion. Yes, I'm sure she will be able to help me with the pain itself, but... Doesn't it make you nervous to rely on Manuela? I do not mind asking her about the pain itself, but...\nSeteth: What are you trying to say?\nHanneman: Oh, nothing. I'm only lamenting the fact that I am getting old. It is a pastime I'm not sure I enjoy...Yet I can't help but notice time hasn't taken such a toll on you.\nSeteth: The signs of age may not write themselves plainly on my face, but I feel the strain of years as much as you.\nHanneman: Is that right? But then, that doesn't explain your sister...\nSeteth: Ngh...\nHanneman: Your sister, Flayn, was born around the time I came to the monastery from the Empire, yes? In all that time, I never knew you to pay her a visit or to write her letters... Yet, somehow, the two of you seem very close. Like a family who has spent years together. Could this not suggest a different interpretation? Perhaps, like you, she has—\nSeteth: You will not pry into Flayn's business. If you interrogate her—no, if you even so much as inquire where she has been or what she has done... I will never forgive you. Never. Investigate me all you wish. I will even cooperate, if I must. But Flayn...\nHanneman: Calm down, Seteth. I have no intentions of approaching Flayn.\nSeteth: Do I have your word on that?\nHanneman: You have my word as a scholar, and as a man. I do apologize for using your sister's name in that way.\nSeteth: Using her? What do you— Oh, that is low.\nHanneman: You promised me just now... “Investigate me all you wish,” you said. “I will even cooperate,” you said. Do you deny it? Those words were all I needed to hear. Now I have no cause to approach your sister.\nSeteth: It seems I have no choice. To think I have been played the fool by a man of your age.\nHanneman: I'll let that slight go, now that I have your cooperation.\nSeteth: Even with my cooperation, there is no guarantee you will reach the truth.\nHanneman: Oh, Seteth. Searching for the truth is what I do. And I will find it. I promise you that.\nSeteth: Then I suppose I will have to look forward to the day you prove your claims._null_null_null_null_
20_31_Manuela: Ugh...\nHanneman: Manuela... Isn't it a bit rude to sight at someone the moment you see them enter the room?\nManuela: Hanneman, isn't it a bit rude to tell others how to behave? Besides, I could be sighing about any number of things more interesting than you.\nHanneman: Goodness. You're unusually irritable today. Don't you imagine your attitude a bit...excessive? You snap at everything thing, your ill mood on display for one and all. It saddens me to see such behavior from one who should be setting a good example for the younger generation.\nManuela: Well, listen to the noble lecturing a lowly commoner to be on her best behavior. Oh. Wait. I meant to say \"the former noble\".\nHanneman: I fail to understand how my birth is relevant to the topic at hand. I was merely trying to say that as a fellow adult...\nManuela: You're not done lecturing yet? Leave me alone and go pester someone else. Maybe leave everyone alone and go focus on your precious Crest research.\nHanneman: I don't know what to say to you, Manuela. I was only speaking out of honest concern.\nManuela: Oh, was that a sigh I heard? Isn't it a bit rude to sigh at someone just because–\nHanneman: Don't be so childish! You are so sensitive to ill will from others, yet you let your own emotions run wild. Why is it you cannot keep a handle on yourself?\nManuela: Keep a hand on– Well, I've never– What makes you think you're so much better? Just because you keep your emotions bottled up behind your stupid stony face, well, it doesn't mean everyone else has to do the same! Stop telling everyone how to behave, Hanneman. It will make you, and the rest of us, much happier.\nHanneman: I will not stand for this insolence. It is high time someone taught you...\nManuela: Go on! If you think you can change me, I'd like to see you try!\nHanneman: …\nManuela: Hah! Thought so! You wouldn't dare.\n(Manuela leaves)\n\nHanneman: Absolutely insufferable!_Hanneman: Manuela. I would...like to apologize. The other day, I said some things to you that I am, well, not proud of in the least.\nManuela: Oh, no, Hanneman. It is I who should be apologizing. I behaved in just the most dreadful, dreadful manner. I was just lashing out at everything... You were right to call me out. Really, and I do very much mean this, I'm so sorry for my behavior.\nHanneman: No, please, pay it no mind. Actually, I'm thankful for what you said during our conflict.\nManuela: Thankful?\nHanneman: Yes. You made me realize that I have a somewhat meddlesome nature. Thanks to you, I believe I've found an area in which I can improve myself.\nManuela: I could say the same thing, you know. Your accusations... They really hit home. After I cooled down, I realized you were right. I really ought to try and keep my emotions a bit more under control.\nHanneman: Well, that's good to hear. It seems this wasn't a fruitless clash for either of us.\nManuela: Indeed. There's nothing more depressing than a pointless fight, is there?\nHanneman: Don't you wonder, though, just how many times we've had this same argument? We do always seem to be at one another's throats before we even realize it. I don't know how we manage to keep it up.\nManuela: Heh... You're not wrong.\nHanneman: …\nManuela: Something the matter, Hanneman?\nHanneman: Well, it's just... You don't smile like that very often. But when you do, it is quite charming. Perhaps your struggles in love are due to your reliance on false affection instead of your more natural charms.\nManuela: Well, thank you for the compliment. Even if you did have to spoil it with criticism. If you weren't so judgmental all the time, maybe you'd have had more luck in romance yourself!\nHanneman: What? I Manuela. As your friend, I was only trying to give you a useful bit of advice!\nManuela: And that so-called advice is exactly why I call you meddlesome and overbearing!\nHanneman: There it is! Manuela begins to protest even when she knows the fault lies with herself! I tell you...\nManuela: And there's Hanneman, who said he was going to stop being so meddlesome! You and your..._Manuela: You keep doing things that aren't called for! It's driving me batty!\nHanneman: You presuppose I am only thinking of you!\nManuela: Let's just not do this, shall we? I don't know why we always end up fighting.\nHanneman: It can hardly be helped. You and I seem opposed to none another on a, let's call it, an instinctual level.\nManuela: Perhaps this could even be considered a form of fate. What an awkward fate to have. I'd like you a lot more if I just hated you. All this fighting and making up is just...exhausting.\nHanneman: Agreed, yes. It does feel as if we have fallen into a rather tiresome bit of repetition.\nManuela: What a waste of effort. We're absolutely hopeless, the both of us...\nHanneman: Hmm... Here's a thought. Couples who are similar to one another, share the same views and all that, they're pretty successful.\nManuela: But complete opposites work together too. Surprisingly well, sometimes. They compensate for each other's weaknesses, and they support one another...Then I look at how hard we work just to avoid screaming at each other, and I don't buy it.\nHanneman: Hmm. Don't be so hasty to dismiss your own hypothesis! For instance... I am apt at cleaning, but have no talent for cookery. Whilst you loathe cleaning, but are a splendid chef. Would it not be an easier life if, rather than struggle through our weaker areas, we divided the work?\nManuela: Huh. I suppose our differences do have their advantages that way.\nHanneman: Indeed. If we combine our abilities, housework would be conquered and dinner rendered delicious. There are other ways we could find to support one another, I would imagine. We might make a better pair than you think. You and I, together.\nManuela: Huh. You might be on to something. You and I could be pretty good together... Wait! Why are we talking about this?! Are you trying to propose marriage? With promises of clean floors?! You think I'm that easy of a catch?! Honestly!\nHanneman: I I did no such thing! You were the one who started discussion on the topic in the first place!\nManuela: Oh, so this is my fault now?! I never said a word about getting married!\nHanneman: You were agreeing with me! If you have objections, then let's hear them!_null_null_null_