29_41_Lorenz: Professor. I understand that you were looking to speak with me. Perhaps you would like some insight on how to write your next lecture? While I do have a great many ideas, it would be inappropriate to – Oh? Am i mistaken? If that's the case, then what can I do for you?\nByleth: It's about the female students.\nLorenz: The ladies have complained? To you? About me? Preposterous. There must be some mistake. I am the heir of the noble House Gloucester. It is bred in me to treat all people with respect. Rest assured, you will not find anyone more upstanding than yours truly. Perhaps the issue is that the splendor of my noble presence is driving the ladies to distraction! If that is the crime, I do confess. I hope I've not troubled the ladies' hearts unduly.\nByleth: It is your advances they seem to find troubling.\nLorenz: Outrageous! That's absurd! Who would dare to allege such slander?!\nByleth: A number of female students, actually.\nLorenz: Of all the... Well I suppose I have offered several of them the honor of dining with me. It is impossible to tell if even the most well-bred young lady is a suitable companion for me merely by the sight of her. So in order for us to get to know each other properly, it is appropriate that we dine together. Thus far they have all declined, oddly enough. For some reason they seem to be exercising some form of restraint while speaking with me. I would never insist, of course. But I will admit I have, on occasion, after a day's pause, issued repeat invitations—in the fashion and style of a gentleman.\nByleth: That is the problem.\nLorenz: What?! Ridiculous! Dinner invitations from me, a problem? The very idea! I am a perfect gentleman. The son of a noble line! I've a wit like a rapier! And it takes but a glance to see that I'm gorgeous! No, I cannot believe such a thing. Are you sure this isn't the result of some sort of scheme? It cannot be otherwise. Someone has clearly devised a conspiracy against me. Someone who envies my position, who seeks to soil my sterling reputation with foul rumors. How cruel. Please, Professor. It is beneath you to fall victim to such petty and obscene tactics. I implore you to take greater care in the future. Now, if you will excuse me, I have a great deal of work to do. Farewell.\n(Lorenz leaves)\n\nByleth: ..._Lorenz: Professor. Have you been looking for me again? I am very busy, you know. I must insist that disruptions for lighthearted chats of this kind be kept to a minimum.\nByleth: I've been getting more complaints.\nLorenz: What did I tell you about falling victim to such salacious and slanderous rumors? As I've told you, there is obviously a conspiracy against me. There is no manner in which I could possibly be considered bothersome.\nByleth: The girls actually do seem bothered.\nLorenz: Professor, I assure you. You have been deceived. My adversary has poisoned the hearts of these ladies against me. The plot goes deeper than I thought...\nByleth:\nChoice 1: There is no conspiracy. This is real.\nChoice 2: You need to control yourself.\nChoice 3: This could become a serious issue.\nLorenz: But — Ah if you truly do insist... Please understand, Professor. I am not some scoundrel out for conquest. I am attempting to fulfill my duty as heir of House Gloucester. It is my responsibility to continue our noble line by finding a suitable lady to be my wife. It is a rigorous process. My family has the very highest standards for appearance, grace, temperament, and pedigree.\nByleth: So, commoners are excluded?\nLorenz: Typically yes, even if others are sometimes critical of that notion. For the nobility, marriage is not merely a union of individuals. It is also a union of families. It would not benefit the House Gloucester to be tied to a family of powerless commoners, would it? To achieve supremacy, it is necessary for my line to be tied to that of an influential family. That is the best path and prosperity for all. So, as you can see, the future of the Alliance rests on my shoulders.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: That's a remarkable responsibility.\nChoice 2: That's quite an obligation.\nLorenz:\nChoice 1 response: It is nothing out of the ordinary. Those of us with noble blood are born to this duty, you know.\nChoice 2 response: If it is a burden, it is one I am all too familiar with. We nobles are born to this duty.\nLorenz: That being said, to avoid misunderstandings, I shall restrain myself until things calm down. I would rather not cause trouble for you, after all._Lorenz: Well met, Professor. I trust that you've not had any complaints about me lately?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Thankfully, no.\nChoice 2: I haven't. Should I be worried?\nLorenz:\nChoice 1 response: Good. For any trouble I may have caused, please accept my most humble apology.\nChoice 2 response: Do you find it concerning that I've ceased making advances toward the ladies?\nLorenz: I've decided that it would be inappropriate for me to continue my search for a spouse while we are at war. I expect that means you will not be receiving any more complaints. I hope that puts you at ease. Actually, the introspection I've gained setting aside my search has motivated me to amend my conduct.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Embarrassed about your past behavior?\nChoice 2: Finally admitting your conduct was a problem?\nLorenz: Not the phrasing I'd choose, but you're not wrong. Selfishly pursuing my own desires caused me to behave inconsiderably. For instance, it was arrogant and rude to invite ladies to dine with me purely to evaluate them. Our experiences in battle have also given me cause to doubt certain preconceptions I once held. Previously, I had considered it a requirement for my future spouse to come from a noble line. I once thought that commoners lacked the power to influence the wider world, as history might suggest. To find a commoner who made a real impact, one has to look all the way back to Nemesis. That was my belief, at any rate. But I realized that I have actually had an influential commoner right in front of me all along.\nByleth: Who?\nLorenz: Don't you see? I'm referring to you. You may wield the power of a Crest, but you are so much more than just that. You have managed to charm everyone around you. To compel them to trust and follow you. Though you may not realize it, that is no mean feat. It is altering the course of history in Fódlan! Your example puts my prior beliefs to shame.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: There's nothing to be ashamed of.\nChoice 2: Your beliefs weren't completely wrong.\nLorenz: I appreciate the kind words. I have always sought to embody the ideal of nobility. That, at least, i a goal I continue to stand by. But now I know that bloodlines alone is not sufficient to gauge a person's worth. I've learned much of this from you. You are humble and open-minded, despite your power and skill. That is why I, at least, find you so charismatic. Perhaps that is the wrong way to say it. What I mean is that you set an admirable example. I can only hope someday to be your equal. Of course, you had better keep an eye on me, because I can achieve anything I set out to do. For I am none other than the handsome and talented Lorenz Hellman Gloucester!_null_null_null_
29_42_Lorenz: Professor. I understand that you were looking to speak with me. Perhaps you would like some insight on how to write your next lecture? While I do have a great many ideas, it would be inappropriate to – Oh? Am i mistaken? If that's the case, then what can I do for you?\nByleth: It's about the female students.\nLorenz: The ladies have complained? To you? About me? Preposterous. There must be some mistake. I am the heir of the noble House Gloucester. It is bred in me to treat all people with respect. Rest assured, you will not find anyone more upstanding than yours truly. Perhaps the issue is that the splendor of my noble presence is driving the ladies to distraction! If that is the crime, I do confess. I hope I've not troubled the ladies' hearts unduly.\nByleth: It is your advances they seem to find troubling.\nLorenz: Outrageous! That's absurd! Who would dare to allege such slander?!\nByleth: A number of female students, actually.\nLorenz: Of all the... Well I suppose I have offered several of them the honor of dining with me. It is impossible to tell if even the most well-bred young lady is a suitable companion for me merely by the sight of her. So in order for us to get to know each other properly, it is appropriate that we dine together. Thus far they have all declined, oddly enough. For some reason they seem to be exercising some form of restraint while speaking with me. I would never insist, of course. But I will admit I have, on occasion, after a day's pause, issued repeat invitations — in the fashion and style of a gentleman.\nByleth: That is the problem.\nLorenz: What?! Ridiculous! Dinner invitations from me, a problem? The very idea! I am a perfect gentleman. The son of a noble line! I've a wit like a rapier! And it takes but a glance to see that I'm gorgeous! No, I cannot believe such a thing. Are you sure this isn't the result of some sort of scheme? It cannot be otherwise. Someone has clearly devised a conspiracy against me. Someone who envies my position, who seeks to soil my sterling reputation with foul rumors. How cruel. Please, Professor. It is beneath you to fall victim to such petty and obscene tactics. I implore you to take greater care in the future. Now, if you will excuse me, I have a great deal of work to do. Farewell.\nByleth: ..._Lorenz: Professor. Have you been looking for me again? I am very busy, you know. I must insist that disruptions for lighthearted chats of this kind be kept to a minimum.\nByleth: I've been getting more complaints.\nLorenz: What did I tell you about falling victim to such salacious and slanderous rumors? As I've told you, there is obviously a conspiracy against me. There is no manner in which I could possibly be considered bothersome.\nByleth: The girls actually do seem bothered.\nLorenz: Professor, I assure you. You have been deceived. My adversary has poisoned the hearts of these ladies against me. The plot goes deeper than I thought...\nByleth:\nChoice 1: There is no conspiracy. This is real.\nChoice 2: You need to control yourself.\nChoice 3: This could become a serious issue.\nLorenz: But — Ah if you truly do insist... Please understand, Professor. I am not some scoundrel out for conquest. I am attempting to fulfill my duty as heir of House Gloucester. It is my responsibility to continue our noble line by finding a suitable lady to be my wife. It is a rigorous process. My family has the very highest standards for appearance, grace, temperament, and pedigree.\nByleth: So, commoners are excluded?\nLorenz: Typically yes, even if others are sometimes critical of that notion. For the nobility, marriage is not merely a union of individuals. It is also a union of families. It would not benefit the House Gloucester to be tied to a family of powerless commoners, would it? To achieve supremacy, it is necessary for my line to be tied to that of an influential family. That is the best path and prosperity for all. So, as you can see, the future of the Alliance rests on my shoulders.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: That's a remarkable responsibility.\nChoice 2: That's quite an obligation.\nLorenz:\nChoice 1 response: It is nothing out of the ordinary. Those of us with noble blood are born to this duty, you know.\nChoice 2 response: If it is a burden, it is one I am all too familiar with. We nobles are born to this duty.\nLorenz: That being said, to avoid misunderstandings, I shall restrain myself until things calm down. I would rather not cause trouble for you, after all._Lorenz: Well met, Professor. I trust that you've not had any complaints about me lately?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Thankfully, no.\nChoice 2: I haven't. Should I be worried?\nLorenz:\nChoice 1 response: Good. For any trouble I may have caused, please accept my most humble apology.\nChoice 2 response: Do you find it concerning that I've ceased making advances toward the ladies?\nLorenz: I've decided that it would be inappropriate for me to continue my search for a spouse while we are at war. I expect that means you will not be receiving any more complaints. I hope that puts you at ease. Actually, the introspection I've gained setting aside my search has motivated me to amend my conduct.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: Embarrassed about your past behavior?\nChoice 2: Finally admitting your conduct was a problem?\nLorenz: Not the phrasing I'd choose, but you're not wrong. Selfishly pursuing my own desires caused me to behave inconsiderably. For instance, it was arrogant and rude to invite ladies to dine with me purely to evaluate them. Our experiences in battle have also given me cause to doubt certain preconceptions I once held. Previously, I had considered it a requirement for my future spouse to come from a noble line. I once thought that commoners lacked the power to influence the wider world, as history might suggest. To find a commoner who made a real impact, one has to look all the way back to Nemesis. That was my belief, at any rate. But I realized that I have actually had an influential commoner right in front of me all along.\nByleth: Who?\nLorenz: Don't you see? I'm referring to you. You may wield the power of a Crest, but you are so much more than just that. You have managed to charm everyone around you. To compel them to trust and follow you. Though you may not realize it, that is no mean feat. It is altering the course of history in Fódlan! Your example puts my prior beliefs to shame.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: There's nothing to be ashamed of.\nChoice 2: Your beliefs weren't completely wrong.\nLorenz: I appreciate the kind words. I have always sought to embody the ideal of nobility. That, at least, i a goal I continue to stand by. But now I know that bloodlines alone is not sufficient to gauge a person's worth. I've learned much of this from you. You are humble and open-minded, despite your power and skill. That is why I, at least, find you so charismatic. Perhaps that is the wrong way to say it. What I mean is that you set an admirable example. I can only hope someday to be your equal. Of course, you had better keep an eye on me, because I can achieve anything I set out to do. For I am none other than the handsome and talented Lorenz Hellman Gloucester!_null_null_Lorenz: You actually came. I wasn't sure you'd find the time. You often asked me to meet with you, but this is the first time it has been the other way around.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: That was a difficult time.\nChoice 2: It's nostalgic to think about.\nLorenz: I know I gave you something of a headache. Please forgive my youthful impropriety. Now that the war is finally over, it seems I am able to resume my search for a suitable wife.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: You do have that look in your eye.\nChoice 2: Any leading contenders?\nLorenz:\nChoice 1 response: I suppose I do, don't I? But I am not the same man I once was.\nChoice 2 response: Just one.\nLorenz: Pedigree and status are no longer priorities for me. I now know that what matters most is the worth of an individual's soul. And there is only one person who calls to my heart. One whose incredible qualities outshine all others. That person...is you.\nByleth: It's abut time.\nLorenz: You expected this all along?! Am I that predictable?! I'd hoped to surprise you! I cannot believe I've made such a terrible blunder! Even so! Surely you have some reply beyond that?!\nByleth: I'm sorry. That was inconsiderate.\nLorenz: No, I should apologize. I've gone and made you flustered. How abominably rude. Please don't fret about it. I'm no longer the type of person to get upset over others' manners. Do you remember when I said you were charismatic? By that time, I had already become unable to imagine anyone but you as my partner. But I did not feel I was your equal. Since then, I have worked tirelessly to improve. To become a man truly worthy of you. What do you think? Have I finally managed it?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: You have.\nChoice 2: You were already worthy.\nLorenz:\nChoice 1 response: Ah—I'm so glad. To hear you say that makes all the effort worth it.\nChoice 2 response: I...I was?\nLorenz: In that case, please hear my humble proposal. I want nothing more than to be yours, now and for all time. Will you do me this great honor?\nByleth: I will. I love you, Lorenz.\nLorenz: You will? You do?! Yes, of course this should happen! Not even if you scoured all of Fódlan could you find a partner more worthy of you! Or my name isn't Lorenz Hellman Gloucester! Hahaha! In any case... I swear to do my utmost to make you happy. And together we will make this world a better place.
29_35_Raphael: Mmm... Mmm... Ah! Meat is the best! Veggies and fish are great too, but, uh, there’s nothing quite like a good cut of meat.\nLorenz: May I join you?\nRaphael: Hey, Lorenz! You here to eat? It looks like you barely grabbed anything!\nLorenz: Please, this amount would suffice for me. There’s no need to compare our portions.\nRaphael: No wonder you’re so skinny! My little sis eats more than you! Come on, have some of mine. You need it more than I do.\nLorenz: You offer me half-eaten scraps?! The nerve! With manners like that, even a nobleman would be an absolute disgrace. Have you no dignity?\nRaphael: You’re pretty touchy, huh? It’s probably because you’re hungry!\nLorenz: Raphael. Please. Do you mind? I cannot enjoy the simple pleasure of a meal in these conditions.\nRaphael: Why can’t you enjoy your meal? You don’t like what’s on the menu?! You wait here. I’ll go to the kitchen and find something tastier for you!\nLorenz: That won’t be necessary. Please just let me eat. In peace. Alone.\nRaphael: I don’t think you get it, Lorenz. Nothing goes with a meal better than good company! If leading the Alliance is your goal, you should really try eating with other people first.\nLorenz: I’m afraid I fail to see the connection between leadership and dining.\nRaphael: If you want to be a leader, you have to know how to get along with different types of people, right? If you really want to get to know someone, all you have to do is share a meal with them.\nLorenz: Quite the contrary, unfortunately. It seems the more time I spend eating with you, the less likely we are to become friends.\nRaphael: The more you eat with someone, the more you learn about them. Their likes, their dislikes. You know? You might get some of their food that way too! You can eat more and bulk up! Hahaha! All that talking made me hungry again. I’m gonna go get seconds!\n(Raphael leaves)\n\nLorenz: Uh. What an absolute bother. But..I suppose he does have a point about observations of character at the dinner table._Raphael: Ah! So hungry! I gotta eat something!\nLorenz: Again, Raphael? Here. Perhaps this will suffice.\nRaphael: Really? I can have this? But don't you need to eat after all that training?\nLorenz: We can't have you starving, can we? Your strength is a great asset. It would be a terrible loss if you fell faint in battle. Besides, no true noble can look upon the hungry with indifference.\nRaphael: S-seriously? Wow! That's awful generous of you! Thank you so much!\nLorenz: You're welcome. But listen while you eat. I believe it would benefit you to pay more attention in the way you carry yourself in the company of your betters. It is the duty of the nobility to protect the commonfolk. And, in return, the commoner is expected to show deference and respect. Naturally, I understand that there is a certain tendency toward familiarity because we are classmates. However...\nRaphael: Urmm... Mmm... Mmm... Ahh... That was tasty!\nLorenz: Raphael. Did you hear a word I said?\nRaphael: Oh, hey! I sent my little sis some of that fancy meat you gave me a while back. She wrote back to say that it was tasty and to thank you. So, thanks!\nLorenz: That is excellent news. I'm pleased to hear that you both enjoyed it. But there's no need for you to thank me. It was actually a gesture of gratitude in the other direction. From me to you. Thanks to the wisdom of your words, I have begun to consider my approach to dining in a completely new way. Mealtime has proven to be ideal for the study of character. It is a tool I intend to make great use of as the leader of the Alliance.\nRaphael: Yup, it's just like I told you. Food tastes better when you eat with good company!\nLorenz: That's not...quite what I meant. No matter. You are satisfied, I trust?\nRaphael: I could probably keep eating, but I'm ready to train. All right! Time to get back to it so I can protect my buddy Lorenz.\nLorenz: I've not quite gotten through to you, have I? It is not the duty of a commoner to protect a noble. That is fundamentally against the order of society.\nRaphael: But if you hadn't given me food just now, I couldn't survive on the battlefield because I'd be too weak to train! Who'd take care of my little sis if I wasn't around? She'd probably end up starving to death as well! In a way, by feeding me you're protecting her too!\nLorenz: It was only a little food. There's no need to get carried away.\nRaphael: You're a real decent noble, you know that? Worrying so much about my sister and all. All I gotta do is protect you, then you protect everyone else, right?\nLorenz: I'm...not certain your logic is sound, but your strength is undeniable. Very well. Do as you like. Dining certainly is a window to the soul. Eating with you has helped me to see that I've misjudged you. You are not some gluttonous simpleton. You are grateful for the protection the nobility offers, and eager to emulate our example._null_null_null_null_
29_30_Lorenz: Lysithea, do you have a moment? There is a matter of significance I'd like to discuss with you.\nLysithea: I know you're always seeking the attention of ladies, but why are you wasting your breath on me.\nLorenz: Don't be silly. I wanted to discuss the future of the Alliance. To have a constructive and candid exchange of opinion.\nLysithea: (irritated) I'm not so sure I'm the one being silly. Actually — I'm busy. Stuff to do.\nLorenz: (irritated) Now hold on just a moment! House Ordelia will never benefit from such a narrow-minded mentality!\nLysithea: I was under the impression you were interested in me as a person. What do house matters have to do with anything?\nLorenz: As it stands, the bonds between Alliance lords are quite weak. If this state of affairs persists, I am afraid those bonds may dissolve entirely.\nLysithea: I couldn't care less.\nLorenz: House Ordelia may be small, but a small house is fettered by fewer obligations than a larger one. Apply yourselves actively in diplomacy, negotiate wisely, and you could do much to help maintain peace among the neighboring lords. The recognition of those lords would benefit your house immensely. To that end, why not start with me, the heir to House Gloucester? It couldn't hurt for us to become friends, could it?\nLysithea: Yes, yes, of course. When the time comes. But right now, I'm quite busy. Maybe later. As it is, I'm studying magic for the benefit of the Alliance, and I would appreciate it if you left me to it.\nLorenz: Ah, I see. Then forgive the intrusion. I will take my leave of you, for now. But if there is any way I can be of help, to you or your house, I hope that you won't hesitate to ask. (laughing) After all, as I'm sure you know, the future of the Alliance is my responsibility!\n(Lorenz leaves)\n\nLysithea: The future, he says. Hmph. As though I have a future..._Lysithea: Hm... It didn't work. Odd. My logic was sound, or so I thought...\nLorenz: Ah, Lysithea. I've just happened upon some lovely tea leaves. Would you care to join me for a cup?\nLysithea: Nope. Busy.\nLorenz: While I admire your dedication to research, you simply must take breaks now and again. For the sake of your health.\nLysithea: (angrily) I am perfectly capable of knowing when to stop! I'm no child, I'll have you know.\nLorenz: Come now. Take just a brief respite. Look, I've even brought snacks to go with the tea.\nLysithea: Ooh, that actually looks pretty tasty... All right. All right, fine.\n(they eat)\n\nLorenz: Well, what do you think? These are made especially for my house. I've loved them since I was a boy.\nLysithea: Oh, jeez. Wow. Actually... this is delicious. You have excellent taste, Lorenz.\nLorenz: Have as much as you'd like. For the sake of our friendship, I consider it well worth the investment. I'd like to know more about you, Lysithea. Where did you learn such a command of magic? When you were a child, what kind of...\nLysithea: Ugh, come on. Can't we just enjoy the snacks? I loathe talking about myself.\nLorenz: Openness is a prerequisite to successful diplomacy. You'll learn that, when you take your first real steps into high society.\nLysithea: (irritated) Can you stop with the kid treatment? I mean, really — is age the only thing you consider when engaging with others?\nLorenz: But there's nothing the matter with being young. There is a role to be played at every stage in life. That is how we learn and grow.\nLysithea: (irritated) Are you even listening? Ugh, it's like you can't even help yourself but to continue treating me like a child!\nLorenz: I absolutely recognize your raw ability. You possess quite a rare gift for magic. I hope we can find a way for you to use that gift to help as many people as we can. Surely you can agree to that, at least?\nLysithea: (angrily) You really are relentless! I'll spell this out for you once more — I. Don't. Care!\nLorenz: You're headstrong! Just like me! That very quality will ensure a better future for Fódlan!\nLysithea: (angrily) I, sir, am nothing like you — you're bullheaded and boorish. And utterly fixated on the future. All you care about is what's to come. Sure, it's all well and good to be thinking about such lofty things. However... (sadly) For me, the future's a very long ways off. Better to focus on the present — on the here and now. Thanks for the tea.\n(Lysithea leaves)\n\nLorenz: (shocked) Lysithea?_Lorenz: Lysithea! It's no good for you to expose yourself to such strong sunlight. And a chill could steal upon you at any moment! You really ought to have worn a mantle.\nLysithea: Hmph.\nLorenz: You have been running yourself absolutely ragged. Would you please consider taking some rest?\nLysithea: Enough is enough! I am fully aware! Now, stop following me.\nLorenz: (distressed) I'm only concerned for your health.\nLysithea: That's great and all, but I feel fine today. And I'm perfectly capable of caring for myself. I don't have time to \"take a rest.\" I'm overloaded with work, and I have less time than everyone else. I just want to do my own thing, bring order to the Alliance, and put my parents' minds at ease.\nLorenz: No need to rush! How can you be so certain your lifespan is shortened anyway? I do not know who decided that, but consider me skeptical. If you are healthy now, and if you take proper care of yourself, you ought to live just as long as anyone else.\nLysithea: That's all well and good, but those vitamin-packed \"sweets\" you brought tasted weird.\nLorenz: If you want a healthy body, then you need to start with what you eat.\nLysithea: (exasperated) You have a point, but those health sweets are gross.\nLorenz: I sent for the finest in wholesome, healthy treats for you. I asked only for the very sweetest.\nLysithea: That was pretty nice of you. I'm sorry, Lorenz. Thank you for being so thoughtful. Still, I don't need bushels and bushels of them. Gaining a ton of weight won't exactly lengthen my lifespan either. I mean, I'd like to be able to hang out with you as much as possible and... for as long as possible.\nLorenz: Truly? Ah, I'm so glad! I feel the same. Even in an otherwise perfect future, I still cannot see a happy life for myself without you in it. In fact, the more time we spend together, the more essential to me you become. So let us walk, side by side, toward a future together!\nLysithea: (blushing) Yikes, keep it down, will you?\nLorenz: Why are you flustered? What is there to be embarrassed about? You know I will always care for you!\nLysithea: OK, OK, noted! Will you just calm down already?\nLorenz: You need not worry about a thing. I will look after you, no matter what may come! After all, the future of Fódlan rests upon my shoulders, does it not? (laughs)\nLysithea: I won't give up on myself either. Thanks for caring, Lorenz._Lysithea: Picking wildflowers? Seems like such a common activity for someone like you.\nLorenz: To me, the most beautiful flower is the one that blossoms by its own strength. Lysithea, please accept this as...\nLysithea: (irritated) Knock it off! (pauses) Uh, sorry... It's just that the thorns are a bit sharp, and I'm not a fan of killing nature.\nLorenz: True sympathy, even for the smallest wildflower. I admire your kindness. When you inherit your house, that kindness will be a balm to your subjects. They, and the neighboring lords, will trust you instinctively.\nLysithea: Politics. Again.\nLorenz: The Alliance has been harmed in the past by lords who thought only of themselves. Who saw others as a means to an end. But you! You understand others' pain. With you around, I am quite hopeful that the Alliance will flourish again.\nLysithea: That's not something you should get your hopes up about. House Ordelia will end with my father.\nLorenz: (shocked) I'm... sorry? I understand you have a distaste for politics, but could you really allow a noble house three centuries old to fall to ruin? This goes beyond you, and even your house. What would become of Fódlan if all its noble houses withered away in such a manner? The people would be in disarray. The balance of power would crumble. Chaos would rule.\nLysithea: No, it's just... My body, unfortunately, is not built to last... And I have no siblings. When I die, that's the end.\nLorenz: What?\nLysithea: Noble birth has been nothing but a source of pain for me. For me, and for my parents. We got sucked into the rebellion in the Empire, and it led to... many responsibilities for us. The things we went through... I can hardly bear to speak of it. All I want now is to give my mother and father the chance to live out their years in peace. I intend to do whatever I can to ease the hardships of our people, while I still have life left in me... Naturally, I worry about what will come to pass after I'm gone. But I'm sure things will work out, so long as there are people like you around working so hard for a better future.\nLorenz: So you have been thinking of the future. Even despite all of that. I-I am so sorry. I had no idea. Lysithea. I have offended you most persistently. Please find it in your heart to forgive my impudence.\nLysithea: Don't worry about it. If you're so insistent upon being my friend, I'm sure more tasty snacks and tea will help persuade me. But if speaking of the future holds such importance, better to find someone who actually has one.\nLorenz: I understand. Yes, let's take tea together again soon._B+_null_
29_32_Lorenz: Hello, Marianne. You're well, I hope?\nMarianne: I am, Lorenz. Thank you.\nLorenz: I cannot help but notice you do not look it.\nMarianne: Is that so? I feel fine.\nLorenz: Hmm...\nMarianne: ...\nLorenz: ...\nMarianne: W-was there something you needed?\nLorenz: How unseemly of me. My apologies. It is not my intention to stare.\nMarianne: Does something about me seem... off?\nLorenz: Not at all. I was just remembering your father. Or, rather, comparing my experience of him to you.\nMarianne: ...\nLorenz: Your father, Margrave Edmund. He is one of the shrewdest nobles in all the Alliance, with a noted gift for pointed speech. On and beyond the battlefield, his words have the power to move friend and foe alike. My own father has said he would not want to make an enemy of him. Naturally, I am of the same mind.\nMarianne: ...\nLorenz: Your father is blessed with gifts of confidence and eloquence. Yet, compared to him, you seem always reticent and downcast. Uh! Oh— I'm... I'm sorry. I don't mean to cause you discomfort. It's just that the contrast between you and your father is striking.\nMarianne: I have very little in common with my adoptive father.\nLorenz: But he sent you to Garreg Mach. Clearly he sees potential in you. I think I see it too. Yes, a certain charm. Gravitas, if you will. Just like him. Ah!\nMarianne: I can't say that I know too much about him. I should be going now.\nLorenz: Yes. yes, of course. Please, take care.\n(Marianne leaves)\n\nLorenz: Oh, such grace! Such serenity! How could such a beauty be hiding in plain sight? With a little polish, she would shine magnificently..._Lorenz: ...\nMarianne: ...\nLorenz: ...\nMarianne: Ah, um...\nLorenz: Hm? What is it, Marianne?\nMarianne: I'm curious why you've been eating your meals near me as of late... I'm not much for conversation... I'm always at a loss for words... and I never know how to respond to questions.\nLorenz: It's true that there are some who prefer a lively dinner table. But I prefer to eat in peace. With you, my meals are a relaxing experience. In fact, you are the most peaceful dining companion I've ever had.\nMarianne: R-really?\nLorenz: There is a real grace and fluidity to your every movement. I greatly appreciate refined table manners. Observing you all this time, I believe I've realized what is so striking about you. Your beauty comes from the heart. It is an inner beauty. It is not some flamboyant pageantry, a product of external adornment or grooming. When I first noticed it, I thought that it could use some refinement. A little polish. But I was mistaken. You are perfect in your natural state. Just as you are.\nMarianne: You think I'm beautiful... just the way I am?\nLorenz: Certainly. To add a superficial luster on top of what you already possess would be offensively redundant.\nMarianne: No one's ever said anything like that to me before...\nLorenz: Alas, I am the only one with eyes. But perhaps it is for the best that your beauty not be revealed to all the world. Yes, it is certainly better that only I, Lorenz Hellman Gloucester, can appreciate your true magnificence! And on that note, I bid you farewell!\n(Lorenz leaves)\n\nMarianne: What a strange person... But being called beautiful just the way I am? That was nice to hear.\n_Lorenz: Ah, Marianne. I've been meaning to thank you. The books that you lent me have proved most fascinating. Would you permit me to offer you tea, as a token of my gratitude?\nMarianne: Um, I'm a little busy right now. Maybe later tonight?\nLorenz: Of course. I will look forward to it.\n(later, they sit down)\n\nMarianne: Thank you for inviting me over.\nLorenz: Certainly! Thank you for coming. And please, relax. This is no formal occasion.\nMarianne: Oh! This tea tastes so good!\nLorenz: Doesn't it just? This is my absolute favorite. I'm pleased you like it. This pastry may suit your palate also. It is commonly paired with this tea, in my homeland.\nMarianne: Ah, it's sweet. It complements the astringency of the tea.\nLorenz: You have exquisite taste! And there is plenty more where that came from. We simply must do this again.\nMarianne: You want to spend more time with me?\nLorenz: Naturally.\nMarianne: Well that's... Actually there's something I need to say.\nLorenz: Yes? What is it?\nMarianne: I've been keeping this from you for a while. It's... It's about my Crest. It's just terrible. I —\nLorenz: (a little angry) Please, that's quite enough!\nMarianne: (taken aback) Oh!\nLorenz: (concerned) You're trembling. If uttering this secret hurts you, then I have no desire to hear it.\nMarianne: It-it's just...\nLorenz: Your smile is a greater gift to me than any truth. Whatever you have hitherto concealed, I am certain it is essential to you. And I do wish to know it. But not until the day arrives when you can tell me with a smile on your face. I am not the sort of man to prize my own knowledge over others' happiness, you know. Besides. The mystery is part of your charm.\nMarianne: (laughing) Hehehe! You're funny, Lorenz...\nLorenz: There! That's what I mean! Your beauty has always captivated, but that smile truly warms my heart!\nMarianne: This is the first time I've smiled in so long... and I have your kindness to thank for that.\nLorenz: (chuckling) As I've said, you are perfect just as you are. But I suppose I can take a little credit! Yes your radiant smile shall illuminate all the world! With me by your side, you will not be able to help it!\nMarianne: Hehehe! I'm looking forward to that._Lorenz: Tell me, Marianne, do you have a love of flowers?\nMarianne: Um. Well, I don't dislike them.\nLorenz: I've happened upon a spot that's just teeming with splendid blossoms. Would you like me to show you?\nMarianne: I think i would rather stay. It would be for the best if you kept your distance from me.\nLorenz: Well, perhaps I could pick a few of the nicest and present them to you? With a beautiful bouquet in your arms, your magnificence would rival that of even the goddess.\nMarianne: I would never compare myself to the beauty of the goddess.\nLorenz: I see. Well, I don't mind. Oh, that is a lovely handkerchief you've got there. Did you know that a handkerchief reflects the sensitivity of its owner? Yours tells me that you have quite a refined sensibility. If only you applied yourself a little more to the rest of your ensemble, there is no doubt in my mind...\nMarianne: If you admire my handkerchief so much, you may have it.\nLorenz: Ah! No, please. That is not what I meant.\nMarianne: It was a gift from my adoptive father. I didn't choose it for myself. I'm sure I don't share his refined sensibilities though, considering how little he and I have in common. I have to go.\n(Marianne leaves)\n\nLorenz: Such beauty, and yet... With just a little polish, she'd be a marvel. If only she'd put in some effort... Hm... I wonder. Indeed! I shall make it my mission to awaken her beauty! There is nothing that I, Lorenz Hellman Gloucester, cannot do!_C+_null_
29_39_Lorenz: To find the analogue of your beauty in nature, I can turn only to the lily. Only that flower is so sweet and so delicate as to approach your loveliness. Why, just look at these soft, delicate fingertips you have. It is as though they could bloom into fragrant lilies before my very eyes.\nWoman: If you're so wild about flowers, why don't you try a flower shop?!\nSylvain: Ho-ho! Oh, wow. That was... I'm sorry I saw that, but I am so glad that I saw that.\nLorenz: Oh, did you not realize? I was only testing her. Any woman who is taken in by such simple flattery is ill-suited to my noble disposition.\nSylvain: Oh, OK. I'm glad you explained it because I thought you just got rejected, just flat-out, no-way-to-make-yourself-feel-better-about-it-rejected. And the reason, Your Nobleness, is because that is really not the way you go about hitting on a girl.\nLorenz: Oh, is it not? And I suppose you consider yourself an expert on the subject.\nSylvain: Pay attention, kid. Maybe you'll learn something.\n(Screen fades to black, then back in)\n\nSylvain: When I saw you, I just had to come over and say hello because finding you here...feels like fate. Maybe we could go get some tea. Get to know each other better?\nWoman: I think you have mistaken me for someone else. Someone who cares. Please excuse me.\nLorenz: Exquisite. Simply masterful. When is the wedding?\nSylvain: That's weird. Girls...usually fall for that speech. You must have spooked her.\nLorenz: To think that the noble House Gautier would be blessed with such a graceful and charming heir.\nSylvain: Please! I'm a much better heir than a self-important failure like you.\nLorenz: This is not worth my time.\nSylvain: You took the words right out of my mouth._Sylvain: I just wanted to say that I've been watching, and I'm really impressed with how hard you work. Very dedicated for someone so young.\nTown Girl: Oh, um, thank you.\nSylvain: I really admire your...everything. But, ya know, everybody needs to relax now and then. I was wondering if maybe you and me could...\nTown Girl: I'm quite busy. I should get going. Bye.\nLorenz: That was difficult to watch.\nSylvain: Lorenz, ever since you started hanging around, I've had no luck. Usually, if I show a girl I'm mature, noble, and interested, she's an easy catch.\nLorenz: Your logic is sound, I will admit, but your results are less than entirely convincing. Honestly, all this talk of maturity and experience from a shallow person like you is rather laughable.\nSylvain: Shallow? What, like Your Nobleness is a some properly cultured man of the world?\nLorenz: Naturally. My bearing is as elegant and refined as silk. Observe.\n(Scene transition)\n\nLorenz: You seem to be deep in thought. Is there something on your mind? Please allow me to lend you my ear. I will gladly shoulder any of your burdens.\nWoman: Oh, thank you. But it's not something I really want to talk about.\nLorenz: So harsh—even the slightest worry, I would have been happy to listen...\nSylvain: Hah! Why, yes, your silky bearing was quite impressive. You're always going on about nobility, but that's no way to win a woman. Your problem, and I may have told you this before—at least twice—your problem is, you're pretentious.\nLorenz: That's rich, coming from you. Your bearing is so flippant that you utterly fail to gain a lady's trust! How can you not see that?\nSylvain: All I'm failing to see, is you getting a girl's attention!\nLorenz: How dare you!\nSylvain: Ugh, listen. I'm sorry. That was mean. And you're probably right about me not being serious enough.\nLorenz: I will concede I feel the same. Enough, at least, to keep your advice at the back of my mind. I was a touch too stubborn.\nSylvain: It's the same in battle, isn't it? If you don't bend a little, you fail.\nLorenz: Even so...\nSylvain: Yeah... With that being said...\nLorenz: I will outclass you, Sylvain!\nSylvain: Bring it on, Lorenz!_null_null_null_null_
29_33_(collision noise, fade-in from black)\n\nLorenz: Ah—I beg your pardon! Are you all right?\nMercedes: Yes, I’m fi—Ow! I’m fine! I just twisted my ankle.\nLorenz: That won’t do. Come, take my hand. Let’s get you to the infirmary.\nMercedes: Are you sure it’s OK to be seen helping me?\nLorenz: Why would it not be?\nMercedes: I thought you only extended your kindness to the nobility.\nLorenz:Certainly not! To aid a commoner in need is the most noble endeavor of all. Not only that, but you were injured by my carelessness. It is doubly my duty to assist.\nMercedes: In that case, I’ll gladly accept your offer.\n(scene transition)\n\nLorenz: Good. There does not appear to be any real swelling, so you should heal swiftly.\nMercedes: Thank you so much for escorting me.\nLorenz: Walking on it will still be unpleasant. Allow me to lend you my shoulder, at least as far as your room.\nMercedes: If you’re still offering to help, then I can’t say no!\n(scene transition)\n\nLorenz: There you are. Safe and sound. I will take my leave.\nMercedes: Thank you again, Lorenz. You know, I think I’ve learned something about you.\nLorenz: What is that?\nMercedes: In truth, it’s not that you only extend your kindness to noble women...It’s that you can’t even see us of lower birth.\nLorenz:Excuse me?\nMercedes: You and I have been together all this time, but never once did you look me in the eye.\nLorenz: I—hadn’t noticed. But you will have to excuse any perceived rudeness. As the heir to House Gloucester, I have a duty. I must ask you to forget about me. Farewell.\n(Lorenz leaves)\n\nMercedes: Forget about him? What could that possibly mean?_Lorenz: Mercedes, I have to insist that you take up a position behind me on the battlefield. I must protect the commonfolk, and you have been in danger rather frequently of late.\nMercedes: I appreciate your concern, but I can take care of myself. Everything is about nobility and commonfolk with you, Lorenz. It’s tiresome.\nLorenz: Tiresome? I am only fulfilling my duty.\nMercedes: Is that to say you would have left me lying on the floor in pain had it not been your duty to assist?\nLorenz: You mean when you were hurt on my account? I still would have assisted you, as any commoner would have. It is simply a matter of perspective. And if I were common-born, I would not have simply let you leave without—never mind. Forgive me.\nMercedes: Excuse me? Are you implying that you would have taken advantage of me if you were lowborn?\nLorenz: What? No! And I am no longer interested in the hypothetical nature of this conversation!\nMercedes: (laughs) Oh, Lorenz. You’ll never change.\nLorenz: What do you mean?\nMercedes: I find myself growing irritated just looking at you.\nLorenz: Is that so? I fail to see exactly how I am so irritating.\nMercedes: You claim that you don’t want to be involved with common women, don’t you? But I know, deep in your heart, you love being around us. You’re willfully ignorant to that. I hope you know what you’re depriving yourself of.\nLorenz: I’m certain I’ve told you before that my marriage must be beneficial to House Gloucester. I’ve not the time for fruitless courtship.\nMercedes: Fruitless?! Ugh! How can you say such things? What would happen if you fell in love with a commoner?\nLorenz: Nothing at all. I accept the role that I must play, and any sacrifice that must accompany it.\nMercedes: So, your duty as a noble is more important than your own feelings?\nLorenz: Naturally.\nMercedes: If that’s true, then your whole existence is rather sad.\nLorenz: I am afraid you misunderstand. This is my choice. There is no cause for pity.\nMercedes: I think I’ve heard enough. I have to go.\n(Mercedes leaves)\n\nLorenz: …_Lorenz: Mercedes. I have heard that you are the daughter of Imperial nobility. Is that the case?\nMercedes: It is.\nLorenz: And you have a Crest as well. Is that not so?\nMercedes: Again, it is.\nLorenz: Why did you not tell me? I was under the impression you were a commoner.\nMercedes: I didn't mean to hide it from you, but you never asked. Besides, I am considered common now. I don't care to flaunt my noble past or my Crest. I have no desire to return to that status.\nLorenz: Then, if I may speak hypothetically a moment... Does that mean that if a nobleman were to offer you his hand in marriage, you would decline?\nMercedes: Not at all. That's a separate matter entirely. Even if I were to fall in love, regardless of their social status... I'm not looking to marry right now.\nLorenz: What a relief! Ah—forgive my rudeness. I am merely envious of your flexible outlook. It's a posture that I might very well adopt. Not to say that I hang upon your every word, of course.\nMercedes: You mean in terms of love and marriage?\nLorenz: Precisely. Status should be no impediment to love.\nMercedes: But if you marry a woman who isn't a noble, then haven't you neglected your duty?\nLorenz: Not exactly, no. What I said was that my marriage must benefit House Gloucester. So long as that holds true, the bloodline of my partner is actually irrelevant. For instance, if she bore a Crest, and was, at one time, considered noble...\nMercedes: Well, now that doesn't sound flexible at all! How can you know if someone will benefit your family? Would you investigate her before allowing yourself feelings? That doesn't sound very noble of you...\nLorenz: That is not what I...\nMercedes: (giggles) I'm sorry, Lorenz. I was only teasing. I'm sure your lack of tact is what women find so irresistible.\nLorenz: Come again?\nMercedes: Oh, nothing at all. I hope you do your family proud and fulfill your duty.\nLorenz: Yes. I most certainly will!_null_null_null_
29_31_Manuela: Ah, Lorenz. Do you have a moment to spare, my dear?\nLorenz: Hello, Professor Manuela. I trust all is well with you?\nManuela: I am quite well, quite well. Thank you for asking. You are always such a gentleman.\nLorenz: Thank you for saying so. How may I be of service?\nManuela: I was wondering if we might spend a little time together. Maybe, chat a bit?\nLorenz: Certainly. It is an honor to speak with someone as elegant as yourself. I’ve just made tea. Would you like a cup?\nManuela: Oh, that would be just lovely. Lorenz, I hope you won’t think it too forward of me, but… I was wondering if you could explain a poem to me? It goes like this… Verdant rains soothe… My aching heart like a cherished friend… Amid time’s flow I mourn… Bonds I’m not sure I can ever rend… As my mind clings to desperate thoughts… Here it comes, Horsebow Moon and summer’s end…\nLorenz: Oh. That’s, um… That’s my poem.\nManuela: As I suspected. I’ve checked absolutely everyone’s handwriting. It’s a sad poem though, isn’t it? Feels lonely. Possibly even, dare I say, defeated. What makes you feel that way, Lorenz? Why aren’t you happy? I very much want to know.\nLorenz: Well, I suppose I— Wait, why are you reading my poetry? Where did you even get that?!\nManuela: I found it. And when I saw the words, I read them. That’s what people do when they see words. They read them.\nLorenz: Kindly return that at once! Reading someone else’s work without permission?! What an egregious breach of etiquette! Honestly!\nManuela: Oh, dear. Snatching at something someone else is holding. How violent. It’s not like you to lose your composure, Lorenz.\nLorenz: Please—just forget you ever saw it. I beg you.\nManuela: I’m afraid I could never forget that peek into the darkness of your soul. Nor would I want to.\nLorenz: Then at the very least would you kindly promise not to mention it to anyone else?!\nManuela: Don’t feel embarrassed! No! Be proud. It’s a lovely piece of writing. Quite revealing. I’d never guess you’d have such hidden depths. Tell me more.\nLorenz: That’s quite enough!\nManuela: Oh, that’s absolutely adorable. So bashful. I simply must hear more of his poetry sometime soon._Manuela: ♪ Amid time’s flow I mourn… Bonds I am unsure I can ever rend… ♪\nLorenz: Is that Professor Manuela? Her voice is every bit as fine as you might expect from the former leader of the Mittelfrank Troupe… If it weren’t for her drinking, and her woefully inadequate manners, she would fit right in with high society—wait a minute…\nManuela: ♪ As my mind clings to desperate thoughts… Here it comes, Horsebow Moon and summer’s end… ♪\nLorenz: That’s my—oh, no. No, no, no!\nManuela: Oh, Lorenz! I heard you shout. Are you OK?\nLorenz: The poem! My poem! Forget it, I said! I asked you for one thing!\nManuela: And I told you it would be impossible for me to forget.\nLorenz: Certainly I understand, but setting it to music? And now singing it?\nManuela: Oh, yes! It makes for a beautiful song, doesn’t it? I’m feeling so lonely and blue. My dearest has left. He is gone far away, and I’m here. All alone. And in my sadness, your poem… Well, it became a song for me to sing. It brought me a moment of happiness…\nLorenz: I do not know who spurned you, but I assure you my poem has nothing to do with any such feelings. It is getting late. We should both turn in. I will take my leave now.\nManuela: Oh. I understand. You’re leaving me too. Why? Am I too old to matter?\nLorenz: No, I never said any such thing. Why, I am sure there are plenty of men who would prefer a mature woman such as yourself.\nManuela: “Mature,” he says. I knew it. You’re all the same, you know. No one sees the person behind the voice. They just see me older today than yesterday. They say, “Oh, look what happened to her.” Nobody sees my frustration, my resignation to be forever alone. But you do. It’s all right there in your poem.\nLorenz: Please. I assure you, my poem was not about that at all. It was actually about the ideal of nobility. The sentiment is that, someday, I know I will get what I want. There is no resignation in it, as you seem to be suggesting.\nManuela: Lorenz… I was sure the poem was more about someone lamenting their frailty and the loneliness of time’s passing. But that’s not it at all, is it? This is the story of someone impatient to get ahead. Who is afraid they’ll never make it.\nLorenz: The speaker in the poem does lament his shortcomings. The road to reach his ideal is long. It is a trial. A test. If he can just find his way through it, he knows he can move forward. So I think you should try to move forward too. Because with a voice as talented as yours, how could you possibly fail?\nManuela: Lorenz… Someday you should let me sing this song in public. I think people who are battling through their own trials…they might find comfort in this. And I believe I’m the only one who can do your work justice.\nLorenz: Very well. You have my assent. On the condition that you do not attach my name to it. Now, permit me to retire for the night. I require ample rest to maintain an adequate level of polish, you know. I suppose if my poem must be set to music, then it had best be done by such a talented singer._(Manuela singing alone in the cathedral)\n\nManuela: ♪ As my mind clings to desperate thoughts... Here it comes, Horsebow Moon and summer's end... ♪\n(scene transition; Lorenz enters)\n\nManuela: Did you hear me just now? What did you think?\nLorenz: Marvelous. As though sung by the goddess herself. Enchanting. Heartrending. Your voice truly captivates all who hears. It is as though you channel all the emotion and human experience of your life into the music.\nManuela: Well, I guess I have my fair share of life experience. So long as you're not implying I'm old...\nLorenz: No, that is not — I mean to say that you skillfully applied your own interpretation in the music.\nManuela: Interpretation? When I sing, I am not interpreting. I'm scarcely thinking at all. I simply yield my heart to the poetry, and the emotion follows naturally.\nLorenz: I believe that is what they call genius. I hope you will permit me to listen again. I would like to hear it up close next time.\nManuela: Of course. Next time I'll perform a private show. Just the two of us...\nLorenz: You mock me?!\nManuela: Never. I wasn't mocking you. In fact, I'd like to see more of your poetry.\nLorenz: My poetry? Why?\nManuela: I'd like to use it for another song. I promise that when it's done, you'll be the first to hear.\nLorenz: Please. My poetry is merely an idle pursuit.\nManuela: That doesn't matter. The words are unadorned... the feelings so direct. Your poems have touched my heart. They are so true to life.\nLorenz: I suppose there is a certain appeal in the portrayal of such dark emotions. Even if it is a bit graceless. Very well. Take this. You may use any of the poems I've finished working on.\nManuela: Oh my. I can hardly wait. Is this the next part of the poem I was singing just now?\nLorenz: Yes. I wrote that after I heard you sing the first part. I had nearly given up on it, to be honest, but your music gave me the inspiration to continue. Though it is still quite unpolished, and not at all ready for a broader readership, I feel.\nManuela: Unpolished? No, Lorenz. It's beautiful. Thank you. To think that my voice inspired you... Yet it's you who inspires my voice. I'm so excited to start a new song!\nLorenz: Yes, please do!_null_null_null_