37_41_Seteth: Ah. There you are. I apologize for calling you in so suddenly. Please, sit. There is a matter I would like to discuss with you. I believe I’ve told you this before, but it is my responsibility to aid the archbishop in all her duties.\nByleth: What are these duties?\nSeteth: Spiritual instruction, ceremony oversight, donation management—all of the church’s many administrative tasks. I oversee not only the priesthood, but also the Knights of Seiros and the Officers Academy. The archbishop entrusts a great deal to my discretion, and I am honored by her confidence. Even when she must make decisions herself, she often seeks my counsel in advance. And yet… Your appointment to a teaching position at the Officers Academy was a complete surprise to me. Not only that, but you have also been entrusted with the Sword of the Creator. Frankly, that decision baffles me. You should be fully investigated, at a minimum, before being trusted with such a responsibility. But no such investigation has been conducted. I know you are skilled in war, and in matters of strategy, but beyond that I know next to nothing about you.\nByleth: You don’t trust me.\nSeteth:\n(Pre-Flayn kidnapping) That is indeed what it comes down to, if I’m being honest. Please understand that I mean no offense. Not only that, but you have also been entrusted with the Sword of the Creator. I was as surprised as anyone else to learn that. Frankly, I am just not sure how to handle you. I am the archbishop’s right hand, and yet when it comes to you, I have been told almost nothing.\n(Post-Flayn kidnapping) Not quite. I do find you to be a trustworthy individual. But my subjective opinion is not enough. I have a duty to be cautious. Should the archbishop’s trust in you prove to be misplaced, it is the faithful who will suffer most. Not only that, but you have also been entrusted with the Sword of the Creator. I was as surprised as anyone else to learn that.\nSeteth: And now—well, I will spare you my conjecture. In any case, it is time I learned more about you. I ask only that you answer my questions honestly. I will be most grateful for your cooperation.\nSeteth: First, I would like to know just how much you know about yourself. You are the child of Jeralt Eisner, correct?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I think so.\nChoice 2: That's what I hear.\nSeteth: That’s quite a vague reply for such a basic question. In the future, I would advise you to answer such queries with confidence.\nSeteth:\n(Jeralt alive) As the former captain of the Knights of Seiros, Jeralt is renowned throughout Fódlan.\n(Jeralt dead) As the former captain of the Knights of Seiros, Jeralt was renowned throughout Fódlan.\nSeteth: If you really are his child, then no one would voice any complaint about you joining the knights. How long has it been since you became a mercenary?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: About ten years, I think.\nChoice 2: I’m not sure.\nSeteth:\nChoice 1 response: Given your youth, that hardly seems likely.\nChoice 2 response: I see. Most curious.\nSeteth: Come to think of it, I have never asked your age. Just how old are you, exactly?\nByleth: Well, um…\nSeteth: Your face says it all. You truly don’t know, do you? Just what was Jeralt thinking raising you this way? Given your responses thus far, I feel as though any further questions would just be a waste of our time. However, permit me to make one thing clear. Whatever her reasons, the archbishop has placed great faith in you. Do not betray that trust. That is all._Seteth: Professor. A moment? I am sorry that I doubted your ability. I deeply regret ever holding such a view of you. It is obvious to me now that you are extraordinary.\nByleth: Really?\nSeteth: Do you doubt your own power, even now? I suppose that's only natural. You've lived your whole life knowing next to nothing about yourself. Not even Jeralt could have possibly known all there is to know about you. But I wonder... Are you satisfied with that?\nByleth: What do you mean?\nSeteth: Are you content not knowing who you are? Or do you yearn to know more?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I...wish to know more.\nChoice 2: I wouldn't know where to begin.\nSeteth:\nChoice 1: It was a foolish question, of course. You are not the sort to be complacent.\nChoice 2: But you cannot go on not knowing, can you?\nSeteth: So, only one more question matters: are you ready?\nByleth: Ready for what?\nSeteth: The truth. All of it. Learning it will doubtlessly have direct consequences on your life. I do not know what those will be. You may decide, once you learn it, that you wish you hadn't. But even if you have such regrets, you will never be able to return to ignorance. So, are you ready to know the truth?\nByleth: Yes. I am.\nSeteth: I see. That is what I wished to hear. The archbishop continues to put her faith in you. And so you will continue to have my aid. More than that... I will put my faith in you as well. And I will do all that is within my power to help you someday reach the truth._Seteth: May I discuss something with you? I promised to help you find the truth of who you are. But I'm afraid it's not that simple. There are some details I have kept concealed.\nByleth: What details?\nSeteth: Five years ago, before she vanished, I asked Rhea some pointed questions. I learned that she knows everything about you. No, that is understating it... Rhea is responsible for your existence.\nByleth:\nChoice 1: What do you mean?\nChoice 2: Rhea’s already told me. (Available on Verdant Wind Chapter 22)\nSeteth:\nChoice 1: I could explain to you, here and now, what fragments of knowledge I was able to pry from Rhea. I fear, however, that a partial understanding might do you more harm than good. Once we save Rhea, you will know the whole of it. For now, that is all I can tell you.\nChoice 2: That must have been quite a shocking conversation. I may have been able to explain to you the fragments of knowledge I pulled from Rhea. But I kept silent because I feared that you might not be well served by a partial understanding of events. All I would like to say is that it should never have been hidden from you. \nByleth: …\nSeteth: If you are still uncertain about your feelings... Then permit me to add one more thing. You, Rhea, and I... We are like family. Because of those deep ties, you can be certain that I will never abandon or betray you. On the contrary, I greatly wish to see what your future holds. I am, and will always be, your ally.\nByleth: Even family members can turn on each other.\nSeteth: You're not wrong. History is full of examples. I don't believe that will be the case here but I suppose all I can do is ask for your trust. The truth is, you have become indispensable to me. And that is true quite independently of whether I see eye to eye with Rhea, or even whether we are friends. After this war is over, where I go and what I do will depend wholly on you.\nByleth: What do you mean?\nSeteth: I am still trying to figure that out, myself. Perhaps it is just that I find you so fascinating that I cannot bring myself to leave your side. I dislike a one-sided conversation, but in this case, I am afraid I had no choice. Our future is yours to determine._null_null_null_
37_42_Seteth: Ah. There you are. I apologize for calling you in so suddenly. Please, sit. There is a matter I would like to discuss with you. I believe I’ve told you this before, but it is my responsibility to aid the archbishop in all her duties.\nByleth: What are these duties?\nSeteth: Spiritual instruction, ceremony oversight, donation management—all of the church’s many administrative tasks. I oversee not only the priesthood, but also the Knights of Seiros and the Officers Academy. The archbishop entrusts a great deal to my discretion, and I am honored by her confidence. Even when she must make decisions herself, she often seeks my counsel in advance. And yet… Your appointment to a teaching position at the Officers Academy was a complete surprise to me. Not only that, but you have also been entrusted with the Sword of the Creator. Frankly, that decision baffles me. You should be fully investigated, at a minimum, before being trusted with such a responsibility. But no such investigation has been conducted. I know you are skilled in war, and in matters of strategy, but beyond that I know next to nothing about you.\nByleth: You don’t trust me.\nSeteth:\n(Pre-Flayn kidnapping) That is indeed what it comes down to, if I’m being honest. Please understand that I mean no offense. Not only that, but you have also been entrusted with the Sword of the Creator. I was as surprised as anyone else to learn that. Frankly, I am just not sure how to handle you. I am the archbishop’s right hand, and yet when it comes to you, I have been told almost nothing.\n(Post-Flayn kidnapping) Not quite. I do find you to be a trustworthy individual. But my subjective opinion is not enough. I have a duty to be cautious. Should the archbishop’s trust in you prove to be misplaced, it is the faithful who will suffer most. Not only that, but you have also been entrusted with the Sword of the Creator. I was as surprised as anyone else to learn that.\nSeteth: And now—well, I will spare you my conjecture. In any case, it is time I learned more about you. I ask only that you answer my questions honestly. I will be most grateful for your cooperation.\nSeteth: First, I would like to know just how much you know about yourself. You are the child of Jeralt Eisner, correct?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I think so.\nChoice 2: That's what I hear.\nSeteth: That’s quite a vague reply for such a basic question. In the future, I would advise you to answer such queries with confidence.\nSeteth:\n(Jeralt alive) As the former captain of the Knights of Seiros, Jeralt is renowned throughout Fódlan.\n(Jeralt dead) As the former captain of the Knights of Seiros, Jeralt was renowned throughout Fódlan.\nSeteth: If you really are his child, then no one would voice any complaint about you joining the knights. How long has it been since you became a mercenary?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: About ten years, I think.\nChoice 2: I’m not sure.\nSeteth:\nChoice 1 response: Given your youth, that hardly seems likely.\nChoice 2 response: I see. Most curious.\nSeteth: Come to think of it, I have never asked your age. Just how old are you, exactly?\nByleth: Well, um…\nSeteth: Your face says it all. You truly don’t know, do you? Just what was Jeralt thinking raising you this way? Given your responses thus far, I feel as though any further questions would just be a waste of our time. However, permit me to make one thing clear. Whatever her reasons, the archbishop has placed great faith in you. Do not betray that trust. That is all._Seteth: Professor. A moment? I am sorry that I doubted your ability. I deeply regret ever holding such a view of you. It is obvious to me now that you are extraordinary.\nByleth: Really?\nSeteth: Do you doubt your own power, even now? I suppose that’s only natural. You’ve lived your whole life knowing next to nothing about yourself. Not even Jeralt could have possibly known all there is to know about you. But I wonder… Are you satisfied with that?\nByleth: What do you mean?\nSeteth: Are you content not knowing who you are? Or do you yearn to know more?\nByleth:\nChoice 1: I…wish to know more.\nChoice 2: I wouldn’t know where to begin.\nSeteth:\nChoice 1 response: It was a foolish question, of course. You are not the sort to be complacent.\nChoice 2 response: But you cannot go on not knowing, can you?\nSeteth: So, only one more question matters: Are you ready?\nByleth: Ready for what?\nSeteth: The truth. All of it. Learning it will doubtlessly have direct consequences on your life. I do not know what those will be. You may decide, once you learn it, that you wish you hadn’t. But even if you have such regrets, you will never be able to return to ignorance. So, are you ready to know the truth?\nByleth: Yes. I am.\nSeteth: I see. That is what I wished to hear. The archbishop continues to put her faith in you. And so you will continue to have my aid. More than that… I will put my faith in you as well. And I will do all that is within my power to help you someday reach the truth._Seteth: May I discuss something with you? I promised to help you find the truth of who you are. But I'm afraid it's not that simple. There are some details I have kept concealed.\nByleth: What details?\nSeteth: Five years ago, before she vanished, I asked Rhea some pointed questions. I learned that she knows everything about you. No, that is understating it... Rhea is responsible for your existence.\nByleth: \nChoice 1: What do you mean?\nChoice 2: Rhea’s already told me. (Available on Verdant Wind Chapter 22)\nSeteth: \nChoice 1: I could explain to you, here and now, what fragments of knowledge I was able to pry from Rhea. I fear, however, that a partial understanding might do you more harm than good. Once we save Rhea, you will know the whole of it. For now, that is all I can tell you.\nChoice 2: That must have been quite a shocking conversation. I may have been able to explain to you the fragments of knowledge I pulled from Rhea. But I kept silent because I feared that you might not be well served by a partial understanding of events. All I would like to say is that it should never have been hidden from you. \nByleth: …\nSeteth: If you are still uncertain about your feelings... Then permit me to add one more thing. You, Rhea, and I... We are like family. Because of those deep ties, you can be certain that I will never abandon or betray you. On the contrary, I greatly wish to see what your future holds. I am, and will always be, your ally.\nByleth: Even family members can turn on each other.\nSeteth: You're not wrong. History is full of examples. I don't believe that will be the case here but I suppose all I can do is ask for your trust. The truth is, you have become indispensable to me. And that is true quite independently of whether I see eye to eye with Rhea, or even whether we are friends. After this war is over, where I go and what I do will depend wholly on you.\nByleth: What do you mean?\nSeteth: I am still trying to figure that out, myself. Perhaps it is just that I find you so fascinating that I cannot bring myself to leave your side. I dislike a one-sided conversation, but in this case, I am afraid I had no choice. Our future is yours to determine._null_null_Seteth: You must be exhausted. It seems like our work has only increased since the war's end, doesn't it?\nByleth: I could use some rest.\nSeteth:\n(Azure Moon route) I am afraid that will not do, Archbishop. We are in the process of forging a new age. As the heir to the power of Sothis, it is your duty to lead the people of Fódlan. Rhea has entrusted the Church of Seiros to you. You must have agreed to that, yes?\n(Verdant Wind/Silver Snow routes) I am afraid that will not do, Your Majesty. We are in the process of forging a new age. All of Fódlan, noble and commoner alike, is watching your every move. You cannot abandon your post now. The people would feel betrayed. Rhea imparted this role to you, and you are the only one who can fulfill it and accomplish all that must be done. Do you think anyone will permit you to shrink from this noble duty?\nByleth: Harsh words.\nSeteth: I am sworn to help you as best I can. That sometimes requires brutal honesty. Believe me, I am just as overburdened as you. But I will not abandon this. Where you go, I follow.\nByleth: Promise?\nSeteth: Yes. For whatever centuries may yet be ours, I will always remain by your side. That is why… I hope that you will accept this. (presents ring) I will just come out with it. I love you, deeply. Will you marry me?\nByleth: …\nSeteth: Since I have already tied my fate to yours, I could not help but imagine how lovely it would be to exchange wedding vows with you. But there is one thing I want to make sure you understand beyond any doubt… I am not proposing to you out of a sense of duty, nor a desire to perpetuate our bloodline. I want this because I am in love with you. I cannot conceive of a world without you in it. If you feel the same… Will you do me the honor of joining your life with mine? You will?\nSeteth: Then allow me to renew my pledge. From this day forward, I will always be at your side. Through good or ill fortune. Through the greatest of joys and the worst of woes. No matter how daunting the task, I will be there.\nByleth: I'm so glad.\nSeteth: However, we must always remember our duty to the people. Even if it is at the expense of our happiness. We should wait to announce our marriage until Fódlan’s stability is restored. And, with the thought of that day in mind, we must now return to our work.\nByleth: Do we really have to?\nSeteth: There are people waiting outside your office. Courage, my love! Let us go forth and face the world…together.